Chapter one


         The screaming was more than just ear piercing, it felt like it was piercing my brain. I felt incredible pain in my head as the man continued to wail in a pitch that should have been impossible for an adult male who had gone through puberty. He was screaming in such a high pitch that it actually caused me physical pain, it hurt so much that it dominated everything else in my mind, I couldn't think of anything but the pain that was lancing through my head like a hot knife through butter. At some point I started to scream in pain but that didn't help. I felt like I was dying because of the man's scream, I needed to make it stop.

         That thought was the only thought I had left in my mind as my vision turned red and I blacked out.

          When I regained my senses the first thing I noticed was that the screaming had stopped and was replaced by what sounded like the croaking of a dying chicken.

         When I turned to see where the sound was coming from I found the man that had been screaming on my right hand, and by that I mean that I found the man impaled on my arm with my hand going straight through the center of his chest and out if his back. His green scrubs were covered in blood and his mouth was open in an attempt to continue screaming but without the help of his lungs nothing came out but a pathetic croak.

         As I looked on in shock at this sudden development my right hand started to feel weird, it felt like I had a million ants crawling up and down my arm then my skin seemed to peel back and the muscle beneath was exposed. The muscle then started to pulse and grew tentacle like protrusions which burrowed into the man that was impaled on my arm. 

         Something strange started to happen to his body and it started to bulge in strange places. It continued to pulse until his skin burst and he had been transformed into a ball of meat and blood. Red ropes of muscles flew out from allover my body and entered the ball of meat and slowly dragged it inside of me, although it seemed physically impossible the large ball of flesh was completely absorbed into my body. After the process was complete I looked completely normal again, not at all like I had just consumed a whole human.

         A few seconds after the ball of meat vanished into me I felt a strange tingling sensation in the back of my mind. The tingling intensified until it was painful then I blacked out again but this time I was suddenly flooded with information, image after image started running through my mind,

         Images of a fat kid growing up being bullied by his class mates, his brothers and even his father......

          A teenager with too much pimples asking a pretty girl out to the prom and getting laughed at....

          A short man laughing as he graduated from medical school...

         The same man looking at a mirror at his balding head and worrying he would never find a wife....

          A man in a business suit approaching the man and offering him a well paid job....

          In those few seconds I saw the highlights of Dr. Elliot's life and for the first time noticed something important as I saw his entire life flashing before my eyes, I couldn't remember anything about myself. I searched and searched for anything but I couldn't remember a single memory or recall a single fact about myself, I was a blank slate.

         At least I knew my name from the late Dr. Elliot's memories, Alex Mercer. It didn't feel particularly familiar but I guess it was a good enough name. As I stood there wondering about my identity I suddenly started to feel an itchy feeling all over my body. The feeling was similar to what I felt before I absorbed the doctor except that instead of just my hand it was everywhere on my body. The feeling turned into blinding pain as my body started to twist and contort in weird ways.

          Eventually I ended up on the floor because I was no longer able to stand up. When I was finally able to stand up again something felt weird, it took me a few minutes to realize that I was a few inches shorter than I was a few seconds ago. I looked down and instead of an slim athletic body I saw a pot belly and too much body hair.

         I quickly ran to a table that was next to the metal slab I had been strapped in. There were surgical equipments laid out in a neat line on a tray, I dumped the equipment on the table and picked up the shiny tray. I raised the tray to my face so that I could use it as a makeshift mirror. 

        I stared into the shiny reflective surface of the tray and the slightly pudgy and balding face of Dr Elliot stared back at me.

          

       
          
