Chapter two


        It took a few minutes to get over the shock of what had happened but I eventually stopped staring at my reflection and decided to leave the facility I was in. 

         From the memories of the late doctor Elliot, I had learned that I was in a secret and very illegal facility owned by a multinational pharmaceutical company called Trinity. Trinity had apparently greased the hands of the local politicians and police force so that they could perform experiments that were against the law , right here in downtown New York. They had also paid the local morgue and hospitals to illegally appropriate the bodies of any "John Doe"s. They were taking anybody who wasn't claimed by family in twenty four hours, this included not only dead bodies but also coma patients.

         From Dr Elliot's memories I had also learned that the Trinity corporation had their own private army here in New York-overwatch. Overwatch was a group of mercenaries comprised mainly of ex-military personnel. They were the strong right arm of trinity, responsible for everything from security to intimidation. They were also the ones I would have to fool if I was to escape this facility.

         I carefully looked out the door and the corridor was empty. I quickly ran to a door at the end of the hallway, all the way praying that nobody finds me.

           I made it without being spotted and quickly got inside. In the room there were rows of lockers, I went to the one that had the number 42 on it and hurriedly put in the combination to the electronic lock which was another thing I got from Dr Elliot's memory. I took out the ratty brown suit and blue shirt inside and put them on. I also wore the sneakers and cheap looking watch. 

          I checked the watch and found out that it was nearly midnight. I knew that overwatch performed a security sweep at midnight and if they found the room I had been in, I would definitely be caught. When I had absorbed Dr Elliot it hadn't been a very clean process, the previously white and pristine room had been marred by splashes of blood. This meant that I had until midnight to get out of the facility before overwatch found the room and put the entire place under lockdown.

         I walked out of the nearest exit and nearly ran into somebody who was holding a cigarette in his hand. In my hurry I had forgotten about Phil, the man that Elliot had been speaking to before he came into my room and met his demise.

         "Hey Elliot, you done already? I thought that it would take you at least till morning to finish with your stiff. You didn't come here for another cigarette, did you?"

          I racked my brain and came up with an appropriate response, "I have to go Phil, Martha has fallen down the steps and is in the hospital. I need to get there immediately."

         I ignored his offer to drive me to the hospital and headed to the main gate.

         The main gate had two overwatch soldiers standing guard. They both were wearing the typical overwatch uniform, they were covered from head to toe in black cloth and they were wearing a black bulletproof vest over the cloth. The only color on them were the three green lenses on their strange tri-scopes that they wore even during the day time. They were both heavily armed with M16s and several side arms, even knives. 

          The gate was opened and closed by a guard called Simon, thankfully he wasn't overwatch and the overweight man easily bought my story about my wife being injured and let me pass.

           The two overwatch soldiers were looking at me as I passed which gave me the creeps but I was able to escape with no one the wiser...

           ...or at least that was what I taught until sirens started to go off behind me.
