Chapter three


             I thought that I had escaped without getting noticed but the shrill sound of alarms going off behind me dashed those hopes into pieces.

             The two overwatch agents who were standing on either side of the gate immediately pointed their very large and very scary guns in my direction before they started to shout things like "freeze" and "get down on the ground" .

            I just stood there frozen like a deer in headlights. I had already passed through the gates and I could see the busy streets of downtown New York only a few steps away. I was so close to freedom that I could almost taste it, but with the guys behind me pointing their guns point blank at my head, I might as well have been miles away from freedom. 

            As the two Overwatch goons cocked their guns threateningly and shouted behind me, I was left with two options. I could either comply or get killed.

            I stood there staring at the bright neon light of a seven eleven store sign only a few feet away from me and thought, fuck it. I've already died once, I'm not letting these fuckers take me in alive so that they could run their tests on me. 

            I put as much power in my legs as I could muster and tried to run away, fully expecting a hail of bullets to stop my pathetic and pointless escape attempt. Instead , what I felt was wind rushing past me as my first 'step' catapulted me into the air.

             
            Everything around me turned into a blur as I started to rise into the air. Five feet....Ten feet...Twenty feet... I just kept on going up until I hit about fifty feet at which point I hit the apex of my trajectory. For a few minutes I felt like I was weightless, just hanging stationary in midair , looking down at the roof of the seven eleven I had been staring at earlier. But the problem was that I only felt weightless, I wasn't actually weightless and gravity was a heartless bitch who didn't give a damn about how you feel. As the old saying goes what goes up must come down and just like I rocketed upwards, I started to plummet straight back down to earth.

             As the ground started to get closer and closer , I started to pick up more and more speed until I was hurtling towards the ground at a terrifying speed. I was sure that at the speed I was approaching the ground , I would become nothing but a bloody smear on the asphalt but even though it was futile , instinct took over and I positioned my body so that I was falling feet first.

              As luck would have it a taxi just happened to be passing beneath me right before I hit the ground. The yellow car was instantly totaled, the roof caved in like it was made out of cheap aluminum wrapping and the car bent into two like a lawn chair. I on the other hand was relatively fine. Just before I had hit , my legs had gone through that same strange transformation that had happened before I had consumed Dr Elliot. The skin had disappeared to reveal twisted knots of bloody muscle and I could see the pulsating mass of flesh because they had increased in size so much that they had burst through the pants I was wearing. Thankfully the disturbing image didn't last long, my legs rapidly shrunk down to their former size and a few seconds later they were covered by normal pink skin.

            The cloud of smoke I had made when I landed eventually cleared away revealing the mangled wreck of the car I had landed on. The car had been cleanly bisected into two pieces , the back end didn't seem to have anybody inside but in the front end I could see a beat up and bloody man. I run towards him to see if I could help. I dragged him out of the wreckage and checked to see if he had a pulse. It was weak but it was still there but he wasn't breathing. From the memories I had gotten from Dr Elliot I knew how to perform CPR so I put my hands on his chest and tried to do chest compressions but the moment I rested my hands on his chest they transformed into a mass of muscular tentacles that then drilled into the already dying taxi driver.

          Just like how it happened with Dr Elliot , the taxi driver ballooned up until his skin burst and nothing was left but a mass of seething flesh which then entered into my body. After the assimilation was done all the minor scrapes and bruises I had all over my body vanished and I felt healthy again.

           I was wondering what I should do next when I heard clicking sounds around me. I looked up to find several people staring at me with shock and terror on their faces. More than a few of them had their cellphones out and pointed at me, the clicking sounds I heard were probably the sounds of pictures being taken.

           In the distance I heard police sirens. I looked at all the people and sighed. I knew what was going to happen next, the videos of me were going to be plastered all over the internet and I'm going to have the government coming after my ass in addition to Overwatch. I wanted to go around and get all the cellphones but with the police already on their way , it would only turn into a bigger disaster so I just stepped out of the mini crater my landing had created and walked into a dark narrow side street between two large buildings.

            Nobody tried to stop me, in fact everybody hurriedly got out of my way.

             I had barely gotten into the dark alleyway when that itchy feeling invaded my skin and I felt it peel away.

           


             
