Chapter five

     When I reached the first man, I tried to deliver a normal punch but I grossly underestimated my own strength. In my mind, I knew how to punch somebody; I raised my hand, formed a fist and punched forward with all the power that I could muster which turned out to be a bad idea.

     As my closed fist hurtled through the air heading towards the closest man's stomach, my hand suddenly started to swell up, my skin became covered under layers of muscles that looked like raw meat, large blue veins started to pulse on the surface of these strange looking muscles and even my fist more than doubled in size. The consequences of my unintentional transformation was that my fist hit the man like a wrecking ball. My punch had so much power in it that the man's body couldn't contain it. His internal organs liquefied, his skin burst like an overfilled water balloon and he literally exploded sending fragment's of his bones flying all over the place like shrapnel, instantly killing five of the other wanna be gangsters and wounding most of the rest. Some of his bones even ended up hitting me and I felt the sharp splintered end of his bones sink into the flesh of my thighs and slide in between my ribs. 

     It hurt like hell but I forcefully suppressed my pain and pulled out the bone fragments out of my body. The wounds they left behind immediately started to close up and after a few seconds, completely disappeared. I looked up to see that most of the hooligans were on the ground, moaning in pain but a few had been lucky enough to escape injury and were trying to run away. At first I was going to try to run after them but then I remembered what had happened the last time I tried to run.

     I realized that the root of all my control issues stemmed from the fact that I was still acting like I had a normal human body. My mind had been used to doing some things subconsciously but now I had to learn to do some basic things allover again like how to modulate my strength and even how to run so instead of repeating my earlier blunders, I closed my eyes and focused on my feet before I consciously started to apply power into them. I actually felt the power rushing to the muscles and making them swell up but in addition to that I felt another sensation, as if some inexplicable warmth started flowing from my blood vessels and was bursting out. I opened my eyes to see what was actually going on and I saw raw muscles starting to cover my skin but unlike before , it was a thin layer and not a bulking mass. I took that as a sign that I was getting some modicum of control so I aimed for the area ahead of the fleeing men and jumped.

     I overshot my target by a few feet but I still managed to jump over the wanna be gangsters who were trying to run away and landed at the mouth of the alley. 

     I turned around and smiled at the quivering mess that was left of the former 'tough guys'. In just a few seconds they had transformed from predators into prey, their eyes filled with horror and helplessness as they looked at me uncomprehendingly. My smile only broadened when I saw their despair.

     "Where do you think you are going?"

     They were all terrified. Some were crying, some had blank expressions on their faces, some even tried to beg for forgiveness but I wasn't in the mood for forgiveness.

      The moment they had decided to make me their target, they had already sealed their own fates. The only forgiveness I could offer them was a quick death.

      


            