Chapter eight

     As the memories became clearer and I started to remember the past, I began to feel angry.

     Since I had woken up in that research facility, I had felt somewhat numb. All my feelings were not very vivid as if they had been watered down but as I looked at my former lover and the person who had killed me, I felt genuine emotions for the first time since my resurrection and that feeling was pure unadulterated rage.

     It didn't take a genius to figure out what had happened especially since Vanessa was obviously fucking the person who was supposed to be my best friend and second in command. Greg had decided that he was tired of being second potato and wanted the crown for himself. Vanessa had decided that drugs were more important to her than I was and together they had decided to kill me.

     I felt grief, I felt betrayal but all of that was buried under a mountain of anger. I felt like I was going to explode because of the rage I had inside me. I could hear my heart beating like drums, my breathing became fast and labored like that of an angry bull. A familiar feeling of itchiness invaded my skin but in my frame of mind, it felt so insignificant that I ignored it but Vanessa and Greg reacted.

     Vanessa looked pale and stared at me with fear, "No...this is impossible....You're dead!....I saw you die!"

     Greg wasn't even talking. He just backed away into the apartment and left the blabbering Vanessa behind.

      When I saw the fear in Vanessa's eyes, I felt some satisfaction but it wasn't enough, not nearly enough.

     "Vanessa, honey, it seems you didn't forget me. Let's go inside and have a little chat."

     She started to tremble when she heard that. She repeatedly shook her head as if she could make me disappear if she shook her head hard enough but eventually she seemed to have figured out that I was real and not a drug induced hallucination when I grabbed her shoulders and dragged her inside before I closed the door behind me.

     I pushed Vanessa into the living room only to come face to face with the business end of a gun.

     Since I had woken up, I hadn't been shot by a gun yet but I felt no fear when I looked at the pistol in Greg's hand. 

     "Greg! Buddy! My brother from another mother! It seems that you have been taking good care of Vanessa for me. Why are you pointing a gun at me? It's almost as if you are not happy to see me."

     Greg stared at me for a second then turned to Vanessa, "I thought you said that he was dead you dumb bitch!"

     Vanessa couldn't stop shivering as she answered, "He was! I saw him get hit by a train right in front of my eyes! The paramedics pronounced him dead right there and took him away in a body bag! He was dead, I swear!"

     "Does he look dead to you?"

      "I don't know but didn't you see him change appearance a second ago? I don't know what is going on but Alex is dead, I don't know what the fuck that is."

     I held my hand to my chest and said, "Vanessa, you hurt my feelings. Don't you love me anymore?"

     Greg grit his teeth before he shouted,"Fuck it!" and started shooting his gun. A few seconds later, his gun was just clicking because he had run out of bullets but I was still standing.

     All of the holes made by the bullets were shallow. As they watched in horror, the bullets fell out of the wounds and they started to close right in front of their eyes. Greg continued to dry fire his gun but eventually he noticed the futility of his actions and turned back to run away.

     He hadn't even managed to take two steps when I appeared next to him and broke his legs.

     "Where are you going Greg? Our reunion is just starting. If you leave now, you are going to miss the best parts. Vanessa dearest, please put that vase down. If bullets couldn't hurt me, do you really think a vase would do anything?"

    Vanessa froze with a vase raised high above her head, then she slowly put it down, that was when the shock of what had happened began to wear off for Greg and he started to scream because he could finally feel the pain caused by his shattered legs. I found his screaming annoying so I punched his face and dislocated his jaw, shutting him up somewhat.

     Vanessa finally decided to speak and she said, "Alex, it isn't what it looks like!"

     "Really? Then tell me what happened?"

     "Greg was threatening me. He said that he was going to kill me if I didn't help him!"

     "Really? That is the best you can come up with? *sigh* Vanessa, you are a lying cheating whore and a terrible liar to boot. You are a disappointment in every way possible. I can't understand how I ever fell in love with you."

     Vanessa broke down and started to cry, "I'm sorry Alex...*sob*...it was the drugs....*sob*.... I couldn't help it...*sob*..Please don't hurt me, I'm sorry....I'm sorry...I'm sorry."

     "Your tears won't work on me Vanessa. You think you are sorry now? Wait until I'm finished then you will truly be sorry."

     

     

     