Chapter nine

     I went out of the apartment building just as police sirens started getting closer to the area. I had a brand new hoodie to go along with a brand new body courtesy of Greg so I pulled my hoodie up, put my hands into my pocket and disappeared into the night before the cops arrived.

     As I walked the streets of New York, I felt like a sleep walker that had awakened. Before I had recovered some of my memories, I had felt like a robot, a ship adrift in the sea without a rudder but after my unpleasant reunion with my now deceased x-girlfriend, I felt like I had recovered a piece of myself that had been missing and I now felt more complete, more human for lack of a better word.

     I still didn't have a purpose and I didn't know what I should do next but at least I wasn't numb, psychopathic monster anymore. Granted, I wasn't Mr. Nice guy either, but at least now I had enough parts of my psyche that was human that I actually felt a little guilty about what I had done to the taxi driver and some of the younger gang members.

     I was roaming the streets wondering where that left me, when I heard screaming coming from nearby.

     Maybe it was the fact that I was feeling guilty about my previous ruthless killing spree, maybe it was because I was bored, I didn't really know why I did it but I moved towards the screaming.

     When I got there, I was confronted with the most cliché scene in the world, two brawny men assaulting a woman in a dark corner behind a boarded up and closed down former bistro.

     I didn't even say anything, I just saw this as an opportunity to get some karma points to balance out all the crap I had done and was probably going to do. I attacked both men from behind simultaneously and with a little application of super strength, they were both down for the count before they even had the chance to fight back.

     I was ready to turn around and leave now that I had done my good deed of the day but when I saw the unconscious bodies of the two men, a strange feeling started to well up inside of me. It felt like hunger but it wasn't a hunger for food.

     The feeling grew and grew until it consumed my thoughts and by the time I regained my senses, I found myself elbow deep inside of the two thugs. A few seconds later they had been turned into balls of meat and they got absorbed into me. I looked up from my little 'meal' and saw that the woman they had been attacking had a strange look on her face.

    In fact, the whole thing was strange. The woman looked about twenty, had short brown hair, beautiful green eyes, pouty lips, fair complexion, large breasts, wasp thin waist, wide hips and long well toned legs. She looked like a Hollywood actress, she was just too beautiful to be anywhere else but on a screen. So what was a beautiful woman such as her doing out alone in New York, in the middle of the night? The clothes she was wearing didn't make sense either. They were somewhat torn up but from what I could see, she was wearing something that resembled bedsheets with holes for her arms and head and could only be called a dress in the loosest meaning of the term.

     That wasn't the only thing that made me suspicious. She had just seen me do something quite graphic and horrific but she wasn't screaming or panicking, in fact she had a strange glint in her eyes when she looked at me. The corner of her lips were actually pulled up in a small smile.

     I stood there wondering what the hell was going on when she jumped up and shouted, "My hero!" and flung herself at me. I wasn't really thinking so I caught her by grabbing her waist and before I could react she put her arms behind my neck and planted a kiss on my mouth.

     When I say kiss, I don't mean a chaste little peck. No, she kissed me like she wanted to devour me. She pressed her entire body against mine before her tongue forced itself into my mouth like it was trying to check the shape of my tonsils. I was very distracted by the sudden and very illogical change of events. I was also distracted by having a pair of breasts pushed against me and having a soft and pliant woman in my arms but eventually my mind managed to prevail over my dick and I pushed the woman away before I asked,

     "What are you doing?"

     The woman looked at me in confusion,"You are the hero in the story right? My knight in shining armor? And I am the damsel in distress. You have saved me from those evil people and now I am thanking you."

     Hero? Knight? Damsel? What the fuck was she talking about. I looked at her again and this time I noticed a blue plastic band on her wrist that said 'Manhattan Psychiatric Center'.

     My damsel in distress turned out to be an escaped mental patient.