
Chapter six


         "Have you decided to go Callaghan?"

          "Alright Finkelstein, we'll play ball ,but I have a question. I understand why you were in such a hurry to contact me, you actually give a damn about things on Tortuga and this is a big deal, but why were the greediest creature in the universe and the woman with nothing but notches on her bed post so eager to contact me?"

           The duchess stopped trying to arrange her breasts in her too tight dress and looked up indignantly, "I resent that Callaghan. I don't remember you complaining the last time you were in my bed."

          All of my crew turned towards me with expressions of shock and horror on their faces, but it was Sandy who put their feelings into words, "Really Captain? That woman has seen more dick than the urinals at the Hooters bar in Tortuga. God, I'm afraid to even sit next to you because I'm afraid I might get some STD."

         Yeah, that probably didn't do much for my chances with Sandy, "Stop overreacting. Yeah it was gross and disgusting but this was years ago, back when I was young and stupid and most importantly really really horny. Back to the business at hand, why are you two calling when you wouldn't lift a finger to help me unless it benefited you in some way?"

          
          This time it was Bozo who complained, "Cal! Buddy! Haven't I taken care of you? Haven't I always given you great jobs unlike that poisonous bitch? I only called to tell you about this opportunity because you are my long time friend and I hold you dear in my heart."

           I sighed at his overly dramatic proclamation, "Save it Bozo, you don't give a damn about anybody and I know full well that you have been skimming off the top of my payments when you gave me those jobs. On top of that your race doesn't even have a heart. Now stop bullshitting and tell me what is in it for you if I go to the compendium."

          The duchess was still looking offended and reticent but Bozo has always been known to fold quickly and he didn't disappoint, "The rewards go beyond money and information on your past. The A.I.s have also promised to give you the schematics to one piece of their own technology. The message from the compendium has spread to the furthest reaches of the galaxy by now. If you go, everybody from two bit criminals to the goddamn federation will be coming after you. I am willing to risk all of my ships to protect you and in exchange all I ask is that you get the schematics to their engines. With those engines we will be able to pull off any heist or robbery we want and we would never get caught."

         The duchess sneered at Bozo and said, "Yeah right, I'm sure that you wouldn't stab him in the back the moment he turns his back on you. Now you listen to me Callaghan, you'd be an idiot to let Bozo's goons come with you. You know that they would steal the schematics the first chance they get. But I'm different, you know that I take care of my partners. Let a few of my girls tag along on your trip. Not only would they keep you safe but they will also keep you satisfied. And forget the engines, get the schematics for their cloaking device. With the technology to attack while still cloaked, we can strike like phantoms and disappear like ghosts. It is the smart thing to do."

          Twitch was almost drooling as he stared at her cleavage, "Captain, I'd rather have the duchess's girls come along than Bozo's goons. They are not only prettier but are probably more fun."

          Sandy smacked his bald head so hard that I could have sworn I heard his teeth rattling, "Shut up Twitch. The Captain is doing business and it isn't your place to interrupt, especially if you are going to say something stupid."

            I smiled at Sandy before turning back to the screen, "Now that I have heard from the two sharks, Finkelstein what is your opinion?"

            "I think they are both short sighted. They can only think of short term gain. I take the longer view , the engines and the cloakers are both super advanced but they aren't something we won't get to eventually. I want you to get the schematics for their teleportation machine. The way things are going, I doubt that any of our scientists will figure that out anytime soon."

           "And you don't want to send any of your ships as 'protection' for me?"

            "No. In fact a refueling ship is waiting for you in orbit. You can take all the fuel and life support you need without docking in Tortuga. When you get me the technology I want, I give you my word that I will not betray you or shortchange you in any way. I shall make you an equal member in my enterprise."

             It might have sounded silly but I believed him. Finkelstein never lied once he gave his word. From the three offers given to me , his was the best and most reliable. Plus I agreed with him, the engines and the cloakers were pretty amazing but they didn't hold a candle to the teleportation device.

              "Alright Finkelstein, I'll get you the tech. But just out of curiosity , how do you know that I wouldn't keep it to myself or sell it to the highest bidder?"

               I could hear the smile in his voice even though his voice was nothing but a garbled mess produced by the voice modifying software he used,

              "Because you know the consequences for betraying me and you are not stupid enough to try it."
