Chapter four

     Nicolas looked around the smoking wreck that was once the largest city in Svatalfheim, the capital city of the twilight kingdom, Dark moon city.

     The once elegant buildings were nothing more than crumbling ruins, the once beautiful city was now desolate and depressing. The entire area looked like it had been systematically carpet bombed which wasn't that far from the truth.

     Nicolas sighed in resignation when he saw the scene of destruction around him. In his anger he had unleashed all of his fury in the form of all his unique SSS class skills all at once which had caused this mess. He wasn't thinking about consequences or wondering if his actions were right or wrong, at the time he was barely thinking at all and this was the result. He destroyed an entire city but he had decided to never return to the bifrost at the time so he hadn't given a damn at the time. The woman he loved was gone, why would he return to this world?

     What was that saying? Never say never? Well, it applied now. Dr. Satvik had roped him back in with a lure that he couldn't deny. 

     Satvik could be lying. He knew that Satvik was capable of many things the least of which was lying to get his way but did he dare take that chance? Can he ignore the possibility of getting his love back , however remote the possibility might be? Satvik had played his card perfectly. He had used the only thing that Nicolas cared about and dangled it in front of his face to force him back into the game and Nicolas had no choice but to follow the piper even though he knew that he would probably drown in the river if he did so.

     Nicolas shook away these pointless thoughts and left the wreckage of the city to head southwest. 

     There were no signs of life around dark moon city. There were no roads leading into or out of the city. It was a solitary existence with nothing but dry cracked land surrounding it. 

     Svatalfheim had another name, the blighted lands. It was the land cursed by the gods and nothing was able to survive there except for the dark elf cities and high leveled monsters. Except for the dark elves cities, Svatalfheim was a forbidden zone where even the bravest guilds feared to venture but Nicolas was strolling through it with impunity. A monster would try to attack him now and then but a simple punch or kick would settle the matter before it even became a problem.

     Eventually Nicolas found a small black temple exactly where Satvik said it would be. To even call it a temple was a bit of an exaggeration, it was really just four walls and a roof without any decorations or flourishes that were common in other temples.

     The inside was equally black and equally unimpressive as the outside. The only thing of note was that there was an altar located at the center of the temple that was glowing with an ominous purple light.

     Nicolas followed Satvik's instruction and walked up to the alter. He picked up the knife resting there and closed his hand around the blade, savagely cutting into the flesh of his palm. Blood slowly flowed through his fingers and dripped on to the altar.

    As soon as the first drop of his blood hit the altar, a blue notification screen appeared in front of him. 
