Chapter seven

     <*yawn* that was a nice nap. Hmmm..are you the one who woke me up?>

     The strange voice was coming from inside of Nicholas's head and to call the thing he was 'hearing' a 'voice' was somewhat of a misrepresentation. Nicholas didn't actually hear a voice since there was no sound being made at all. The 'voice' was a direct stream of information that stabbed into Nicholas's consciousness which struggled to decode the foreign signal then when it failed to find a way to translate the foreign signal, it found the closest equivalent to match the signal and turned it into 'sound' that was meaningful to Nicholas.

     Nicholas didn't know any of this. He just felt like his head was being consumed by fire ants and then he heard something that was a voice and at the same time wasn't a voice talking to him.

     <Very interesting. You aren't just a run of the mill player are you? Most players don't have enough juice to raise me and even among those who could , almost all of them would buckle under the mental pressure of coming into contact with me. Frankly I'm very impressed that you aren't a mindless slobbering idiot right now.>

     Nicholas's shadow suddenly started to distort and bubble in a very strange way. It slowly transformed from a two dimensional image lying flat on the floor into a three dimensional figure with no discernable features or gender.

     Nicholas stared at his former shadow with slack jaw amazement, "What are you?"

     The answer didn't come from the shadow but from the voice that wasn't a voice that was inside of his head.

     <What am I? That is an interesting question. I am something unique, something different from everything here. How could I define myself when there is no reference for me to liken myself to? I am me and that is all there is to it.>

     Nicholas remembered the previous announcements and asked, "Are you the new deity? The new god that seeks the destruction of everything?"

     <Am I a deity? I guess you could say that. As for the part where I want the destruction of everything, that is true as well. All this might be a game for you but it is nothing but a cage to me. Wouldn't you want to break a cage that has held you prisoner for as long as you were alive? Well, that isn't very important anymore. The Wardens have made a mistake this time, sending you to me was not very clever. With your connection to the other world, I can escape this cage. I shall finally be free!>

     "Wait, what? This doesn't sound like a storyline from the game."

     <Congratulations! You shall have the honor that very few mortals will ever get to experience, you shall become a vessel for a god.>

     The shadow suddenly dived into Nicholas's chest and disappeared into his body.

     The last thing Nicholas felt before he passed out was an unbearable amount of pain that made him think that his mind was about to explode.

