Prologue

     "Once upon a time there was a nation of people who called themselves the Lumini or the children of enlightenment. They lived in a large country called Elysium, the largest country that ever existed. Now what made the Lumini extra special was that they were very smart. In fact their whole country was based on knowledge, the smarter you are, the higher your position and nobody in the country was smarter than the king. King Darius was a brilliant king, a renowned tactician in battle, an effective leader but above all he was the greatest mage to ever live. Under his rule, the Lumini prospered and Elysium expanded to cover the entire world but Darius didn't stop there. He gathered all of the smartest people in the world and created a giant city where these people would try to solve all the problems in the world. Slowly, his ambitious plan bore fruit. One by one, all the major problems in the world disappeared. Hunger became a thing of the past, all diseases were eradicated, all conflict abolished. The country was prosperous, the people were happy but when Darius should have been enjoying his success, tragedy struck. The person that he loved the most in the world, his mother, died of old age. Darius was heartbroken. He had helped so many people and solved so many problems but in the end even the great magus king Darius couldn't stop the march of time. His mother's death devastated Darius. He was unable to accept the fact that there was something he was powerless to stop. At this point, Darius had created a government that could practically run itself so he threw himself into his research. People told him that it was impossible but Darius had been hearing that since he was a teenager and he didn't listen then and he sure wasn't going to listen now. For twenty five years Darius worked on a way to make sure what happened to his mother never happened to anyone else, for twenty five years he searched for a method to cheat death itself until finally he found it. After countless sleepless nights he figured out the key to immortality and immediately he created a massive magic spell to make all the people in the world immortal. Incredibly enough Darius actually succeeded. Almost all the people in Elysium became immortal but that was against the will of the gods, against the will of heaven itself so the people of Elysium paid an incredibly steep price for their immortality, they lost their bodies. The Kingdom of Elysium vanished overnight and the only people that remained were the nomads that roamed the deserts."

     "Mommy, what happened to the illuminus?"

     "It's the Lumini honey and you see them every day."

     "Really?"

     "Yes. Whenever you go out to play in the forest and pester those poor wisps."

     "How did you know I play in the forest?"

     "There is nothing your mommy doesn't know. Now be a good little girl and go to sleep Willow."
