Chapter fifty one

           I went downstairs and got some breakfast from my little red friend , whose name happened to be Jonas, and then asked him about the mercenary guild.

          "Basically its where you put up missions and post reward money for accomplishing said mission, the guild itself takes a tenth of the reward."

          "So I can put up any request, it doesn't have to be combat related?"

           "Hell, if you have enough money the strongest warrior will rock you to sleep while singing you a lullaby. In the mercenary guild all that matters is money."


          "So how do I find it ?"


          "Go down this street until you see the sign of two swords crossing, can't miss it , its the building with lots of large muscular people hanging around it."

           I finished my breakfast, bid farewell to Jonas and went in the direction that he pointed me towards. He was right , I was easily able to find the building because of the crowds of armored people hanging about. Inside it was like I entered a modern bank. There were rows of counters were you could get service, and a giant board filled with what I assume were available missions. I approached one of the counters and behind it was a sprite like girl with green skin and bubblegum pink hair. She had a very bubbly and upbeat attitude as she greeted me in the local language, I believe it was called Arsi ,

         "I don't speak Arsi, can you please get someone who speaks English ."

        "Oh , its alright, I can speak English . All receptionists in the guild do, its just that we don't get a lot of foreigners around here, how may I help you?"

         "I would like to post a mission please."

         "Sure, let me get the appropriate paper work. Here we go, what is your full name sir?"

          "John no last name."

         "Alright sir, can you give me a short description of the mission and the allotted reward ?"

         "I would like someone for a teaching job, mainly Arsi language and some common knowledge, someone knowledgeable and fluent in English. The pay is five silvers per hour with bonuses based on performance."

          "Are you sure sir? I'm sure you could find teachers elsewhere and cheaper too."

           "I'm sure."

            "Well, if you are sure. As this is a repeating mission you will have to give me the first three payments so that's fifteen silver, afterward sign here and here to make it official."

            I did as instructed , leaving the inn as a contact address, all that was left now was to wait.

           
             *        *        *

      
         Burk P.O.V.

          I just returned from the nightmare forest after a week of hunting Grimm wolves. I was exhausted, I planned to take a long well deserved vacation after I have gotten my reward money.

          I had just gotten my money and was getting out of the guild when I glanced at the board out of habit. There I saw a strange request, a teaching job. A teaching job in the big cities isn't all that uncommon, but they are usually for teaching magic, I read the details out of curiosity and read the reward part, when I saw the figure listed I sprinted back to the counter , exhaustion forgotten.

   
                       *         *         *

           John's P.O.V.


          Barely fifteen minutes had passed after I posted the mission when a bulky , violet man showed up saying that he had accepted the mission,

                 "Hello, my name is Burk , your John right? So where is your kid?"

                  "What kid?"

                  "Didn't you post the teaching job, so where is the kid I am going to teach?"

                  "I think you misunderstood. There is no kid, you are going to be teaching me."

                   He looked at me contemplatively for a second , then said,

                 "I have a proposal for you, how about I give you this universal translator for ten gold, and the mission is fulfilled."


                  He was holding an old tarnished looking necklace, but I didn't really care what it looked like. When I tried it on , it worked so I bought it for ten gold, what I didn't know then was that this was a common item among merchants in this world and was worth less than two silver. 

                   Before I declared the mission completed, I asked Burk some questions about this world. Here are the main things I learned.

             There were fifty two nations in this world and I was currently in the country of Gambela, which was one of the north most countries before coming to the uninhabited lands called the badlands where giant monsters reigned.

            The colors of the skin usually represents strength , in ascending order of strength it goes normal(no color),red ,blue, violet,green ,orange ,yellow, silver, and gold. 

              The summoning ritual is a tradition passed down through generations of  noble families. It is a tightly kept secret so it seems I'm going have to go to the capital if I wanted to have access to it.

             I shook Burk's hand and declared the mission fulfilled . The contract I signed in the guild was magical so that was all that was needed for the mission to be recorded as completed in the guild.

            I returned back to my room to meditate and get some sleep. In the morning I was going north to the capital to get back home.