Chapter fifty two 


           I was flying leisurely north ,following the road I was told would lead me to the capital. I had already passed a few small villages and some towns, but I didn't stop . I knew where I could find my way home and I was severely home sick, I guess that's what happens to you when you almost die a couple of times.

           I started to ponder how I was going to get the information from the 'nobles' . To be honest I didn't have a great track record when it came to people with authority, even before I over slept for seven centuries I always had a problem with people who told me what I should and should not do, and usually tried to take my stuff because for some reason their position of authority somehow made them more worthy of possessing what I have created. If I could choose, I would choose to go in guns ablaze, but my time in this world has stomped any cockiness out of me, sometimes quite literally. I did not know how much power these nobles possessed so I am going to play this smart and subtle.


            I was contemplating different plans on accomplishing my goal when I saw something that distracted me from my thoughts. It appeared to be a robbery in progress. A carriage with golden trim appears to have been surrounded by a rag tag group of bandits brandishing different weapons. All the guards of the carriage were lying on the ground unconscious or dead , the only one left fighting seemed to be a woman who looked like she was made out of mercury , she was on the roof making snakes out of pure darkness to defend her from the many attacks coming her way and occasionally struck. In her beautiful dress and the resolute expression on her beautiful face, the scene was heart wrenchingly beautiful, as if I was seeing the work of a master painter.

            I told myself that this was trouble, that I had no business sticking my nose in their business, that the quicker I got to the capital the quicker I could get home. But I just couldn't bring myself to ignore the damsel in distress, I know it sounds sexist and wrong but it really is harder to ignore a beautiful woman in trouble. So I flew down there and encased everyone there in foam except for a hole so they could breath, stopping the fight cold.

            Now to see what was going on.

           I landed on the ground and approached the lady on the roof, freeing her head as I got closer.

           "Let me go whoever you are, do you know who I am? I am the princess Selam ! Release me immediately or I'll have you tried for treason and hanged!"

             I resealed her mouth immediately. 

              God that was annoying. She sounded like a more spoiled version of Paris Hilton, every time she spoke it felt like her shrill voice was trying to drill into my skull. I wanted nothing more to do with this woman so I instead approached who I thought was the leader of the bandits. I released his face and removed the hood he was wearing and  surprise surprise it was another silver woman ( I should really stop assuming every combatant I meet is a male) .

              "Great mage, things aren't as they appear . We are not bandits out to make a profit, we only steal from the rich and give to the poor. There are thousands of hungry children that starve everyday while these nobles gallivant around their fancy castles hoarding all the wealth. We don't even kill people, look the guards are all alive ,just unconscious."

                I immediately covered her mouth too. I was starting to get a headache, on one side I had an annoying prissy and entitled princess ,on the other hand I seem to have a bandit who didn't kill and had a Robin Hood complex.

                 I knew I shouldn't have stopped. 



         