Chapter fifty three

         P.O.V. change princess Sarah

          I was born the first princess of Gambela. I had everything that a princess could ever want, I was rich , I was beautiful, and I was also the center of attention. I grew up in the royal palace seeing the extravagant feasts and beautiful courtiers, my world was a happy one. I was never told about the living situations of the common man, I was a princess and my job was to look pretty and be appreciated until I was married off to someone important, and I was fine with my role since I never knew any better. I was happy being looked at and being told I was pretty, and so was my younger sister Selam.


         On my sixteenth birthday I was finally allowed to go outside of the palace, Of course I would be escorted by a full compliment of knights for my protection. I finally saw what the common people were like. They weren't  all glittering gold and shiny silk that I was used to, there were beggars in the streets, street urchins in the gutters .There was suffering ,hunger, and pain in their eyes. At first I recoiled in disgust from what I saw. I attended my parties with the glittering throng of the nobility and tried to forget that such suffering even existed, but I couldn't stop the things I had seen from getting into my thoughts. They started to slowly worm themselves into my head making me unable to forget what I saw, they even started to poison my dreams so I couldn't have any peace even at night when I was sleeping.

             My friends told me that I was being silly and they didn't understand what I was even worrying about, they were commoners, it was a simple fact that some of them suffer, it had nothing to do with them who were noble. They told me that if I wanted a distraction I should join the summoning program where I could use my prodigious talent in magic to help conquer the other world. 

             But I just couldn't do as they say, the pain of my conscience just became too much. It first started out by sneaking out and giving my allowance as anonymous donations to charities and orphanages. It was not enough, it was like putting bandaid on a gaping wound. I needed more money to give these people. 

              I couldn't ask for more money without arousing suspicion so I started stealing from the palace . It went well for a couple of months, nobody would suspect a princess , until I was discovered by my sister. By now my little sister has grown as vain and as uncaring as the rest of the nobility. When I tried to explain what I was trying to do she laughed in my face and called the guards. I had no choice but to jump from a five story window to escape from them, thankfully my gift was in wind magic and I was able to slowly glide down to the ground to make my escape.


            Seven years later I had my own squad of like minded people and we stole from the nobles and gave to the charities, we try not to kill anybody in the process. We were doing very well and helping thousands of people. We were hated by nobility and were considered criminals in public but in the back alleys and dingy homes of the poor we were hailed as heroes.

             One day we were doing a routine robbery when my sister popped out of the carriage and started to fight back, although she was as talented in shadow magic as I was in wind it would only be a matter of time before she runs out of mana. I was just standing there as I saw my sister tire herself out with pointlessly flashy magic when suddenly I was unable to see or move.

            A few moments later I heard my sister try to threaten somebody and was immediately silenced. Then my face was suddenly free. I wasn't stupid enough to threaten a mage capable of pacifying more than forty people at once, so I talked to him politely and pleaded my case to the mysterious man in the cowl. After I was finished he covered my mouth so I couldn't speak anymore but I could still see, and my sister seemed to be in the same situation with only her face above her mouth free.

            The man just stood there for a moment, he looked like he was rubbing his temple as if trying to suppress a headache. I prayed the man would be a good person and would help me, with a person that powerful we could really make a difference but at this point I would settle for him not killing me.

      I guess all I can do is wait and see.