Chapter fifty four

              I looked both women in the eyes. One was stubborn and willful, the other tinged with fear. Good at least one of them understood what kind of situation they were in,

          "Now listen to what I'm about to say very carefully, the only reason I stopped from my journey was that I thought I saw a beautiful woman being attacked by some bandits, while this is technically still true, you princess have killed any good will I might have had the moment that you decided to open your mouth. You seem to be unable to grasp the simple fact that I am so much more powerful than you that I could literally just snap my finger and end your insignificant existence right here , right now and you or anyone else would be able to do absolutely nothing about it , so next time you speak I would like you to consider the fact that the words you speak may decide weather you continue to draw breath or not. You , miss bandit, I don't care if your little bandit ring continues or not , but do you really think what you are doing now is a solution to the fundamental problems that your society has, sure you might be able to put food in their mouths today but what kind of example are you setting for them, that its okay to steal as long as its from the rich? You are just making a generation of thieves and bandits, I hope you are proud of your accomplishment. Now I'm going to unseal your mouths and I want to have a civil conversation with you two."

            The princess finally seemed to have realized in what kind of situation she was in and now had a terrified expression on her face, the bandit woman had a contemplative look on her face, I guess this is the first time anyone has raised these rather obvious issues with her. I finally released their mouths,

        "I want some answers from the two of you, let's start with something simple, what's your name bandit woman?"

       "My name is Sarah , former princess of Gambela."

               "Of course you are...*sigh*....OK so I'm guessing you two are sisters and that's why you look so similar. Fine, whatever. What I need from you is information on the summoning ritual , since you two are royals I'm guessing you know about it."

               Selam was the one to reply first,  "I'll never talk, I am the princess of this nation and I will not give away it's secrets so easily."

              "Do you remember my earlier words or did you completely forget them."

               "I know you could kill me or torture me , so go ahead do your worst!"

            She was being stubborn and as such was unlikely to say anything useful , so I hit her in the back of the head with a conjured baton and knocked her out before she could get anymore annoying.


              "How about you x-princess Sarah , won't you tell me what you I need to know?"

              "Sure I will, in exchange for you helping me for a month I'll be happy to."

              "Wouldn't it be easier for me to torture you for the information?"

               "From what I have seen so far you have tried to stop a robbery, tried to not injure a single person, and not killed my little sister which I have personally considered doing on many occasions. Plus ,from what you said earlier you seem to have a fondness for beautiful women, I don't want to toot my own horn but I have been called the most beautiful woman in Gambela. I don't think you are going to torture me , I don't even think you are the torturing type."

               "Fine, let's say your right, a month is still too long. Let's make another deal instead. Let's make a deal that I will help you until you believe I have made enough contributions for it to be fair exchange for the information ,deal?"

              "Deal."

               "Now what the hell should I do with your sister?"

