 Chapter fifty five

      Sarah's P.O.V.

       I was ecstatic with the deal that we had struck, he had promised me help of equal value to one of the tightest kept secrets in the nation, and he said I could be the one to judge if it was equal or not. He basically offered to help until I say it is enough.

           He set all my friends free and left my little sister and her guards in the carriage, I wanted to travel with my group but he said that was too slow. He made a chair out of thin air and told me to take a seat, afterwards he created another next to me and also sat down. I was wondering what the point of this strange exercise was when we suddenly rose up in the air.

          I am a wind mage, meaning I can glide in the air for a short period of time and like most wind mages one of my greatest wishes was to fly in the air , free like a bird. My dream was now coming true as we flew up into the air and then forward at an astonishing speed. I was so shocked and excited about my dream coming true that I didn't even notice the city coming into view until he pointed it out to me.

   "That's the capital right? Who owns the land under us?"

    "Nobody, it's a forest , anyone who would bother to clear it owns it."

      Then he set us down in the middle of the forest, I was wondering why we stopped so far away from the city when he suddenly cut down a large swath of trees .

       "What are you doing?"

       "Wait and see."

       He systematically cleared out enough land for a small town, he would first cut down trees, make the cut trees disappear,go to a farther location and the trees would reappear in a neat stack. He would then make giant hands to pull out all the stumps. This way he was done in half an hour. He then fenced off a couple of areas then picked up a some stones and did something I didn't catch to them then buried them in the fenced off areas.

            He then turned around and made a building, he paused for a few minutes then made another, then another. This process repeated itself until there were hundreds of these buildings. When I went in to see what was inside I found simple rooms with no decorations with a single window to the outside and two beds in each room.


             "I believe that is fair compensation for the information."

             "What do you mean ?"

             "Let me demonstrate, the two things you need most for the needy are shelter and food. As you have already seen the buildings are warm and comfortable and will solve the shelter problem quite nicely. As for the food, come let me show you."

             He took me to one of the fenced off areas and took out an apple then planted it in the soil. Right before my eyes an apple tree suddenly grew out of the ground with ripe apples hanging on all the branches. He picked one and gave it to me.

       "Inexhaustible amount of food, whatever you plant will immediately grow and bear fruit. So that's shelter and food for nearly half a million people, is that a fair amount to trade for your information?"


          I was left standing there trying to process the fact that he just solved most of my problems in half an afternoon. He had obviously lived up to his end of the bargain, and if I didn't live up to mine I had a feeling that this miracle could disappear even faster than it appeared. Now i understood his confidence, it seems he had me in the palm of his hand from the very beginning.

A.N. for all those who doubted John, I think the word you were looking for is confidence

