Chapter fifty six

          John's P.O.V.

         I created a town with lots of living space using my illusion magic, it was really mana intensive but when you have several enchantments funneling mana directly into your core it merely becomes tedious, as for the enchanted farm it was a simple matter of enchanting some rocks with runes that druids use to nourish and grow the plants in their groves and mix them in with the soil. I know this town doesn't fix Sarah's problems and it might even bring additional ones but I'm sure this town would help and give a lot of people hope and I was willing to bet that in Sarah's eyes that was worth any information.

         And I was right, Sarah told me all about the summoning rituals and some other very interesting things. Chief among them was something I have been suspecting for a while now. I wasn't really in hell or any other of the infernal realms, although quite dangerous this realm was just too mundane, no souls being tortured , nothing mysterious or connected to the spiritual or the soul, and although we call the inhabitants here 'demons' they don't see themselves as demons and in the most technical definition of the word they weren't, they had absolutely no power over the soul and are definitely mortal.


          It seems the 'anarchists' where all duped into thinking that they were summoning demons that could grant them power but what usually came through is a member of the nobility that is gifted in mind magic and under the guise of negotiating the noble would slowly subvert the unsuspecting anarchist ,who believes himself to be safe from the demon because of the many protective circles  ,which he would have been if it was an actual demon.


          She also told me the location of the citadel of summoning inside the royal palace, and all the security measures taken to protect it. It was at the very center , in what they believed to be the safest location. It was protected with multiple magical traps and powerful guards on all sides except one, it wasn't protected from the top.


           As for how the actual ritual worked ,  she told me that every month a new anarchist is 'inducted' into the 'inner sanctum' of the group and when he activates the ritual on his end it sends out a beacon that connects it with the one on this end and the person on this side is able to travel to the other side, so without a person to act as a beacon the ritual is useless, but on the bright side I didn't have to operate the ritual circle which I couldn't do, only supply power and let the man on the other side guide me.

         As for the timeline , it seems I missed the last 'induction' three days ago meaning I'm going to have to wait for twenty seven days before I make my move, I guess while I'm waiting I'll help Sarah out some more while doing recon on the palace, its not like I had anything better to do, might as well help out the less fortunate .


             *           *           *


             Sarah's P.O.V.


          I told him the truth about everything I knew about the ritual and even the power of the strongest combatants in Gambela, I gave him honest information on everything he asked me except one thing. It was only a little white lie to help the people. I knew that whether he succeeds or fails we would probably never see him again, so I took a risk he wouldn't notice and told him the rituals where monthly when they were really weekly....

               

            A.N. although John has a high IQ he has also been a shutin most of his life so he is also pretty naive sometimes and makes stupid mistakes, what I'm trying to say is he is not always 'street smart'