Chapter fifty seven

       Sarah's P.O.V.

         Over the next few days the man whose name I learned was John developed the city that people have started to call 'new hope' into a self sustaining utopia. He created many simple systems that made life so much better. He made a sewage system that converted all the waste in the city to top grade fertilizer , which could then be sold. He also created magic implements that quickly became indispensable to everybody, like the magic faucet that made water appear out of nowhere, the hot plate that allowed a person to cook without fire and smoke, and the cleaning wand to keep everything as clean as possible by simply waving the thing.

           He also created industries where people could work, like the clothing factory where instead of a sowing machine there was a magic tool that could join two pieces of clothing seamlessly , the tannery which could produce quality leaser in a few days where it would have taken several weeks previously, our own bank to store our money safely away from the nobles, a blacksmith with a magic forge, and several others.

             For protection he instituted the city guard, who were each made to vow that they will use the power that was about to be given to them to only protect the city , and that they would make their successors swear the same vow, then he gave them weapons that could negate magic and have amazing offensive power, he basically made a force that could not be defeated in Gambela.

              He did so much good for the people that I started to wonder how much good he could do if he stayed for even longer, but how was I going to make that happen? He had no reason to stay here, he had no connections that bind him to this place, nobody he cares for enough to derail his plans......that's it , I'll make him stay by giving him all these things. I am willing to do even that if it means he is going to stay longer.



          *            *            *

           I came home , which was a house I modeled from a simple one bedroom apartment, thinking about how everything that has been happening for the last few days. I finally got all the kinks worked out of the sewage system to remove some amount of water to balance what I calculated was the amount conjured by the magic faucet so that I don't cause some sort of large ecological disaster somewhere down the line.

          I was also thinking about the sudden weird attitude change that Sarah started exhibiting recently, she insisted on always following me around , making as much contact as possible and wearing more and more revealing clothes that she claimed was because of the heat. To be honest having such an exotically beautiful woman in close proximity to me wearing very little was starting to distract me from my work. I was thinking of how to mention this problem to Sarah as tactfully as possible when I heard a knock on my door.

           Wondering who was coming to visit me this late, I went to open the door. Speak of the devil , standing there wearing a light green robe was Sarah. I quickly invited her inside before she froze to death or something.

          "Hello Sarah, how may I help you? There aren't any problems in the city , are there?"

          She looked deep into my eyes then let her robe slowly fall from her shoulder and pool to the ground at her feet.

         I nearly swallowed my own tongue looking at the magnificent sight before me, she wasn't wearing a single stitch of clothing underneath her robe.

            "Wh....what are you doing?"

             
              "What do you think I am doing? You didn't seem to be getting the message when I tried to give you subtle signals, so I had to resort to something more drastic."


                 She started to walk towards me in a slow luxuriant gait as if she was a cat stalking her pray. She put a switch in her walk that made her hips sway in a mesmerizing manner. The magic lighting I put in my house glittered off each of her curves showing exactly how gifted she was in that department.

                  I tried to maintain some semblance or shred of reason to think about all the reasons that this would be a bad idea. I tried to back away so that I could get some more space to restore my sanity when the back of my knee hit something and I fell backwards on my back onto the couch.

                  In a few moments Sarah had already made it to the couch and was straddling me who was lying there on my back and looking down at me triumphantly.

                  "Why are you doing this?"

                  "Why are you fighting this?"

                  "I'll be gone in a few days , I can't do this."

                  "Relax, what will happen will happen, but now you are here, I am here , why think about the future?"

                   She took off my cowel and for a second she just stared at my face and for that second I thought she was going to stop and I felt a strange mix of relief and disappointment, but she just shrugged and continued her attack.

                   She suddenly leaned down and gave me a mind melting kiss, almost literally. I could feel all my conscious thoughts be thrust aside as more primal impulses start to take over. I started to rationalize my actions as she ripped off my cowl. I told myself that since I didn't have a girlfriend in real life , I shouldn't feel guilty ,it isn't cheating, as she did the same thing to the shirt I was wearing underneath and started to caress my chest with her long nimble fingers going slowly downwards to my abdomen then even lower. I was leaving in a few days anyways so this really didn't mean anything , I shouldn't worry so much , she said so herself, and then all my thoughts were snuffed when her hands reached what they were searching for.