Chapter fifty eight

       When I woke up the first thing I noticed was that I was not in a bed, instead I was lying on a rug in the living room with a naked silver goddess atop me, peering at my face curiously,
      
              "So you are finally awake sleepy head, you know it is already afternoon right?"

              "Hey, it is not my fault that a certain someone decided to rob me of my sleep."

              "It totally is your fault, I have never heard of someone last for so long or go so many times even in epic stories they tell in the bars. I finally understand, with your unholy stamina and incredible powers combined with your looks, you are a demi-god aren't you?"

              I was silently thanking Jules in my head for her good work on my body when I answered,


              "Not quite, but as you probably have guessed I'm not from around here. Actually that's why I needed to know about the ritual, to get back home."

               "Yeah , I figured it was something like that . As soon as I saw you were not gold or silver yet wielded so much power I figured you weren't from here, but remember you are always welcome here and you can stay here as long as you want, now it seems you are ready for yet another round and there was this rather interesting position I heard about from one of the nuns who run the charity, want to give it a try?"

                 It seems we were not going to leave the house today.


             *         *          *


       After that day Sarah would come to my home every night and we would spend it together going at it like rabbits in heat. We would always wake up tired but satisfied, then we would go around solving the problems in our now rather large city. Sarah was the undisputed leader of the community and if you wanted to enter you had to swear a vow that you will not willingly compromise the well being of the city. One of the industries I tried to encourage was masonry, I created various tools to shape and manipulate stone , and they used these tools to make a large wall around the city so everybody entering would have to take the vow. Five days later an army with a pompous looking silver man was demanding that the gates be opened for him and when he was refused tried to get in by force. They sent him back without his army, an arm missing and a message to the king that they were now independent.

            It was the night before my departure date and as usual I had spent a wonderful night with Sarah and was basking in the afterglow. She turned to face me , looked deep into my eyes and said,

          "Don't go John, stay with me. We are happy here, aren't we ?"

           For a moment I seriously considered staying , but this wasn't my home. I didn't belong here and although this was a pleasant fantasy, it seems it was time to snap back to reality,

            "I can't Sarah , I'll try to find a way to come back and take you with me, but I can't stay."

             Tears were starting to leak out of the corners of her eyes, "But I love you John, you can't just leave me. What if I'm with child, would you leave your own child?"


               "That is not possible Sarah, because of certain circumstances a woman I've been with won't get pregnant unless I decide otherwise. But I still don't want to leave you Sarah. I guess it just wasn't meant to be, we weren't meant to be."

                She just snuggled closer to me and started crying into my chest. I held her until she cried herself to sleep.

                 My eyes weren't completely dry either.


                 *       *        *


             The next day I kissed my silver goddess one last time and headed off to the capital.

             It was a clear sky so it was easy to project an illusion of the sky beneath me as I flew, I had done multiple recon runs so it was simple for me to locate the appropriate roof and land on it. I created a mono-blade( short for monomolecular) then cut a neat hole in the roof , quickly putting the cut part into storage before it could fall down then glided into the room. There were three silver men in there, I put all of them in foam to incapacitate and silence them at the same time. I removed the third foam encased man from the large, complex ritual circle that was made out of gold and embedded into the marble floor. Ten minutes after I had taken his place the circle started to glow and I felt the connection with somebody establish itself, in my mind eye I could see a fat blond white man wearing a really gaudy golden robe. He was attempting to pull me through the connection, but on a hunch I decided to ignore his feeble attempts and try to teleport there with the connection as a guide through the ether.

           My hypothesis was that if I succeeded I could see how my perspective changes in the ether as I passed through it and maybe I could be able to teleport between the two worlds at will and it actually worked, I observed how I shifted in a way I couldn't describe but I was sure I could recreate when I made it to the other side of the connection.

             The world finally solidified around me and I was in a replica of the room I just left from ,in the center of  a giant glowing magic circle and the first words I heard after coming back to earth was,

             "Bow down to your new master demon! I am the great mage Mathew Wilson, tremble as you feel my power!"


             

              