Chapter fifty nine

         " Bow down to your new master demon! I am the great mage Mathew Wilson, tremble as you feel my power!"

            I don't know what response he expected after making such a ridiculous statement but I bet it wasn't me breaking down into a gut busting belly laugh. I just couldn't help it . The relief I felt at being back on earth and the absolutely hilarious declaration made me crack up and once I started I couldn't stop no matter how hard I tried.

        After a few minutes I tried to talk in between fits of laughter.

             "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, you probably have been waiting for this moment for a long time and probably practice that little speech in front of the mirror every night before you go to sleep and you are probably expecting me to say something equally dramatic, but did you hear yourself as you said that. There is so much wrong with your statement that its hilarious!"

               "Bow down demon, I won't let your words trick me or waiver my confidence, you were lured by the promise of a soul and have been trapped in the finest demon sealing circles in existence. Bow down or feel my wrath."


                "I can't believe you said that with a straight face, now let me tell you the problems with your statements."

               I wanted to have fun with him a little so I didn't finish him off quickly. I took off the hood of my cowl.

              "First of all , I'm not a demon to begin with, which leads me to number two, " I walked right out of the glowing circle, " I am not trapped in the circle and even if I was I could have done this," the circle was suddenly broken apart like a giant claw had rent it apart. At this point the pudgy little man was brandishing his hands trying to perform a spell,"number three you aren't powerful, you are weak and pathetic." He was suddenly encased in foam leaving only the top half of his head free, "and I don't give a damn about your soul because if I wanted it I could help myself to it right now."

            By the end of my performance his eyes rolled back and he passed out.

           I left the silly mage there where he fainted, I just couldn't find it in my heart to kill the little bastard. I went out the door and waiting for me were two normal humans and one golden man,

           "Who are you, where is Mathew ?"

         I tried to put all of them in foam but the golden man broke out,

         "Answer me , who are you? What is this strange magic?"

         I made a giant mono-blade and split him into two.

        "What ,did you think I was going to explain who I am and how my powers work? Why the hell would I do that? Do I look like a villain from a comic book to you?"

            I systematically went around the rather large complex incapacitating the humans and killing anything that was golden or silver. The golden men would sometimes get tricky, able to use multiple elements, but after tangling with fiends and chimera they just couldn't compare. It was getting late when I finished exterminating and suppressing the anarchists. I went down to the heavily defended underground to find a torture chamber with a single inhabitant.

             At first I thought it was Clair , with her ears and tail cut off, I could also see a couple of missing fingernails and scars crisscrossing across her whole body. She looked desiccated , as if they only fed her once in a while when they remembered. When I went inside the room she was just laying there where she soiled herself because she was too weak to go in the corner. She had almost no life in her but my sharp hearing caught her whisper, "No more.......please stop........no more.....please stop..."
again and again.

              I quickly took out a necklace from my storage and enchanted it with the 'heal' and 'restore' runes . Then put it around her neck. I then waved the cleaning wand over her body several times and took off my cowl to put it on her instead. By then some color has returned to her cheeks and some life had returned to her eyes. After taking a bed out of my storage and laying the woman gently on the bed. I made sure she was resting peacefully before I went back upstairs and killed every single anarchist that I had previously incapacitated. I made sure that each and everyone of the bastards was conscious and feeling every slice and every cut as I slowly dismembered them.

        The floors were running red with blood by the time I was finished.