Chapter sixty

        P.O.V. change - Emily Truman

          As far as ways to die went, this wasn't half bad , if you ignore the weeks of torture and starvation before this, dying in the arms of the most beautiful man I have ever seen while he tries to desperately save me is actually pretty nice, I wish I had met him under different circumstances...........

      Three months ago

       I just received a letter telling me that my aunt, who was in Peru ,was really sick in addition to being heavily in debt to pay for what she claims were healing bills and now she needed one of us 'rich Americans' to come and save her. I sincerely doubted that she had any illness other than gambling addiction , but if someone doesn't go and help her out she would probably be found dead at the bottom of a river somewhere. You do not mess with loan sharks in Peru, mostly because they have characteristics and instincts of actual sharks , they are beastmen of the shark tribe, many people thought that this was ironic and was funny but nobody ever says anything to their faces without ending up with their faces chewed off, so yeah, it is best to not piss the sharks off.

          This wasn't the first time that I had to bail Aunty Tia out so it really was no big deal. Of course I could have sent my little sister but she had a job were she does something , even if it is to stand there and look pretty in her fancy armor in the next parade. I on the other hand have a completely useless job.My official title was ' general of the armed forces ' . It was a vestigial position left over from a long dead era and somehow still managed to survive, basically I was an over glorified accountant who made sure the golden guard are paid and their armor stays shiny. The job mainly entails doing the same paperwork every month so when Aunty Tia was in trouble , I simply filed several months worth of paperwork , packed my bags and headed to the barracks to inform Clair that I was going.


         I was taking my first carriage, the one from Montreal to fort Lennox , when our convoy was attacked. They killed all the guards and started killing the passengers one by one. I thought I was going to get killed but they stopped when they got to me , then I felt something hit the back of my neck and there was only darkness as I passed out.

         
        The next time I woke up I was in a room with a sack over my head , my head hurt so badly that I started to groan immediately, then a voice started to speak,

            "Hello Miss Emily, do you know why you are here?"

            "No.....why are you doing this? How do you know my name?"

            " We know your name Miss Emily because the whole reason we destroyed that convoy was to get to you."

             "Why would you do that ? I'm nobody rich or important, I'm not worth any ransom money."

              "Do you want to know something funny Miss Emily , the barrier around Montreal stops anyone who hasn't gotten permission from someone of sufficient authority. Now do you understand Miss Emily, or should I say General Emily."

            "That title is a joke, it isn't real, it doesn't mean anything!"

             "But that doesn't matter General, it only matters that you are a general proclaimed so under the law and as such has sufficient authority to grant anyone access to Montreal, now I want you to clearly say I General Emily Truman give this man permission to enter Montreal."

              This man was responsible for the death of tens of people just to get to me. He was obviously a bad person and I can't even imagine why he wanted to enter Montreal but I was sure it wasn't for anything good so I just shut my mouth.

             "Suddenly lost the ability to speak? I thought that might happen , that is why I brought you to my special room, look at what awaits you if you don't start cooperating."

             He removed the sack from my head and then I saw for the first time what would become the place I hated most in this earth. There were torture implements everywhere, whips, blades, shackles and other such things designed to cause pain. Over the coming days I personally experienced each and every one of them, but every time they asked me to do what they say I just thought about my little sister and stayed silent. At one point I thought I hallucinated a golden man come in ,grasp my head in his hands, then shake his head in disappointment and leave. After a few more days they appeared to have given up on breaking me and seemed to just forget about me except to force feed me every two or three days,  they made sure I never died of thirst or starvation, just suffer greatly from them. The only thing that kept me sane was the thought of my sister and the fact that all of them thought they were too good to sleep with an animal so I was at least saved from rape. I've never been so happy that I was being discriminated against. So the bright side of my life was that I was going to die with my purity intact, it was a pretty small bright side but beggars can't be choosers.

                            I was lying their in my own shit and piss waiting to die , when my blurry sight caught some motion. I thought it was them coming back to force feed me some more to prolong my suffering and just begged them to stop. What I saw when the blurry thing came closer was the most beautiful man I have ever seen , I thought that I had finally died and an angel had come to take me to heaven. He quickly put a necklace around my neck that seemed to radiate some heat into my body. He then waved something over me several times and I suddenly felt all the filth leave my body. Afterwards he took off his own jacket and wrapped it around me. I was suddenly engulfed in his scent as he made a bed appear and set me down carefully. So this was how I was going to die, instead of on the floor , on a comfortable bed, instead of alone , in the company of somebody who cares ( the fact that he was hot didn't hurt either )and clean instead of in my own waste. 

              My last thoughts before blacking out was that as far as ways to die went , this wasn't half bad.