Chapter sixty four
           
           Sarah's P.O.V.

       When John left I could finally admit that my hare brained scheme to make him stay had failed miserably, ironically I fell in love with him and wanted to go to him instead, but I couldn't leave my people, even if I had the choice to. I had a duty to my people.

          Two days later the capital was in an uproar, not only was the summoning circle not working, all contact with the other side had ceased. With the king and most of his retinue gone and assumed dead the fighting potential in the city became practically nonexistent. The remaining nobles began to panic and turned to the only safe city in Gambela, New Hope. In a fashion typical of the nobles they threw away all loyalties to the previous king and tried to swear me in as the new queen. At first I wanted to throw them out on their asses but in the end the legitimacy that these vultures gave me was worth the pain of having them around. I made them swear the usual vow to never harm the city and let them enter. I was crowned the very next day.

            
           And immediately afterwards regretted it, as the chauvinistic bastards started to try and convince me to have a 'proper king' from one of the princes of our neighboring kingdoms. They kept making annoying declarations that I was going to marry this prince or that prince as if I had no right to refuse if they brought a big enough gift. I was sitting through one of these ridiculous speeches with a man prattling about 'our prince' as if he was already his subject , and showing me gold as if it had already guaranteed that I accept the proposal, when I felt a pulse go through the room. Suddenly everyone's eyes turned towards the source of the power ripple that they just felt and there ,levitating a few inches off the ground ,was a man in a very familiar cowl.

              Everybody slowly backed away from him, they didn't even try to fight him. Reality itself seemed to be fluctuating and changing around him, the hard stone ground beneath his feet seemed to be turning into sand, the colors around him started to blur then bleed into each other forming a hurricane of light and shapes with him at the center. It was like seeing the wrath of a god unleashed before our eyes, everyone was terrified to even get close to him. But the next moment the man ,no the god ,seemed to shake his head and the maelstrom of colors and shapes settled back into reality as he seemed to remember himself. He then looked towards me , turned around and floated away.

              I was breathing hard and fast , not out of fear but out of excitement. John, my john who I thought I would never see again and who I was hopelessly and madly in love with, was just here. Then I realized how it must have looked from his perspective. With dawning horror I realized he must think I sold out everything he worked for, for a shiny crown  and that I was marrying some prince not seven days after he left. I quickly got up from the throne and run after him, speeding myself up with wind magic. Luckily I had a magic that could track his scent and I was intimately familiar with John's scent.

             I finally found him in one of the balconies , looking off to the distance. His hood had fallen off and he had a heartbreaking expression on his beautiful face,

           "John, it is not what it seems...."

        But he didn't seem to be listening to me. He just continued gazing off, with that sad look upon his face.

          "Do you want to know something funny?"

         "John listen to me, I know it looks bad......."

           "I found out about the weekly summonings the first time I went to scope out the palace, did you know that? I knew you were trying to manipulate me when you decided to sleep with me. I mean the first time you saw my face was after you had undressed. I know you didn't do it because you were attracted to me, yet I deluded myself into thinking that you developed genuine feelings for me, and like an idiot, I actually fell for you. Isn't it hilarious?"

            He seemed unable to hear anything I was saying and his thoughts seemed to be running in very dark directions, so I did something in desperation

         "I vow that I love John and only John , I have no plans to betray him in any way and if I am lying let my own power strike me down."

            That got his attention. His lethargic manner seemed to dissipate and he finally looked at me with eyes open in shock,

          "But then..... why?......."

           "Listen first you knuckle head, that noble was talking nonsense, the only reason I even let them in was because being a queen gives me bigger clout when i negotiated with other countries. I never planned to marry any prince .Now stop moping and give me a kiss, I've missed you."

              He grabbed my waist and smashed his lips into mine in a hard kiss.

                "I've missed you too Sarah"

