Chapter sixty five

       John's P.O.V.

       
         Until that moment I thought the term heart break was a metaphorical saying, but even though I knew it was anatomically impossible , I felt my heart seemingly shatter into pieces as I heard the man's words repeat over and over inside of my head. Seven days, I was gone seven days and she was already engaged with somebody else. My Sarah was engaged to somebody else. I tried to be rational , but just like the first time she came to my house that night, all my rationality left me when it came to this woman. For a moment I just blacked out and I do not even remember what was happening until I heard Jules in my ear,

          "John , I am suppressing all your emotional responses by  seventy five percent to restore your logic and reasoning , in your emotional state you seem to be unconsciously using magic and you have somehow exceeded all my calculations on how much mana you can handle at once, in addition to that you are twisting the very fabric of reality itself with your solid illusion enchantment, which is supposed to be impossible. I'm afraid we might have made a false assumption with that enchantment and have severely underestimated it. If you persist on continuing with  your current action , not only will you directly destroy New Hope but also tear the veil between the ether and this realm and make a rip big enough to let in some of the creatures that reside there , which would probably have catastrophic consequences to anyone living in this realm. I know you are upset John but destroying everything here isn't going to really help, you need to get some fresh air and some space to process things instead of just reacting."

             The soothing and ever familiar voice of Jules was finally able to restore some of my sanity , I took a final look at the woman that had caused me so much pain and then turned around to fly out of the room. Since I wasn't quite ready to do anything else yet, I went to a random balcony to stare out into the city and beyond to the red tinted horizon. 

            "You can release the emotional restrictions now Jules, I'm sure I can control myself better now."

            "I'm sorry about this John, I hate to see you in so much pain. Slowly restoring emotional sensitivity. Emotional sensitivity restored to a hundred percent."

             The numb aching pain was suddenly replaced by the pain of shrapnel exploding in my chest. I was suddenly feeling the loss of the first woman that I ever really loved. From the beginning I knew that she was using me to help her people as much as possible, but I loved her anyways , I couldn't help it. 

           After a few moments she came running saying something that I couldn't really hear for some reason, it was like someone put a barrier between me and the rest of the world and her words just bounced off it. I started talking to her, trying to make her understand how much I was hurt . For some reason it was important to me that she understood how things were from my perspective, it wasn't very logical but I wasn't in a very logical state of mind.

            But then the barrier between us was suddenly shattered when she said a vow , and with every word she said my pain slowly began to disappear.

            A misunderstanding, it was all a misunderstanding.

            Sarah loved me and she never planned to marry anybody.

            She swore to all of it with a magic vow.

          By the end of her vow  she told me to kiss her , and I happily obeyed. 

          I felt almost giddy with happiness , I didn't lose my first love, Sarah was still mine.

          
                    *         *         *

             For the next two days the two of us didn't leave the royal bedchamber. We spent all our time reaffirming our love for each other . When we finally got out of the bedroom and made an appearance in the audience chamber, that's where the monarch is supposed to listen to petitions , the nobles didn't even complain. There was not even a single mention of any prince and they seemed terrified of even looking in my direction. Sarah seemed to be enjoying their terror quite a bit and tried to include me in as many conversations as possible, I just agreed to whatever she said and afterwards nobody would argue.

             By the end , when Sarah and I walked out, she was sporting a giant smile on her face. She had obviously enjoyed tormenting the nobles. Afterwards we had a nice brunch and talked about our futures. I promised that I would try to be here at least two days a week in addition to all my nights.

                After another session of lovemaking , I bid her farewell and went back to earth before everybody started to worry about me.

