Chapter sixty six

              I came back to two slightly distraught women waiting impatiently for my return. 

             
               As soon as I got back I noticed something very strange, the fiery red head and the blonde bombshell seemed to have come to some sort of understanding while I was away and now seemed to have joined forces. While this might have been wonderful news a few weeks ago , now that I was in a relationship with somebody else it was just more frustrating.


             This alliance did not stop with Bella and Lidia , the Steelbenders were in on it too , because every time it was time to eat a meal they always seemed to mysteriously disappear, leaving me alone, snugly squashed between two women who have forgotten what the concept of personal space was. Not only did they insist on sitting close to me but they also insisted on feeding me from their plates. 

      
               I knew that what I was doing was wrong and that even though I was not cheating , it wouldn't be much further down the line if I let this continue. I tried to tell them that I was in a relationship, that I couldn't be with them in that way, but  I just couldn't. Two of the most beautiful women I had ever seen were pressed close against my sides and the combination of their looks, their smiles, their soft voices in my ear, combined with their unique and alluring scent made a cocktail more intoxicating than any drug. I felt guilty, but not guilty enough that I didn't enjoy the attention I was getting from the two women.


                  In the end I was able to extricate myself from the two women before I did something unforgivable. I went into my room then locked and bolted my room , I had a feeling that if I didn't do that I would wake up with two extra people on my bed, but there was one person that any door couldn't keep out.


                    *           *           *

             I was having a nightmare that I was falling down a bottomless pit, a pretty generic nightmare , when the dream seemed to shift and instead of a bottomless pit , I was falling towards a familiar pink bed.

             I landed very lightly even though I had been falling for what felt like hours , I'll choke that up to dream physics and move on. 

            I knew what was going to happen next and even though my nightmare was interrupted , the dread I felt now was way more than anything a bottomless pit could inspire.

             There , standing before me in her sheer nightgown looking as divine as usual, was my mocha dream goddess. I just sat there on the bed, looking down because I couldn't bring myself to look her in the eyes. I felt like a man who was cheating on his wife and just got caught.

             "Look at me John."

              It was one of the hardest things I've ever done, at that moment I would have rather wrestled an archfiend barehanded than look up at her, but it was necessary so I grit my teeth and forced myself to look into her eyes.

              There was no anger in her eyes, no condemnation or disgust. She didn't have any of the negative emotions I expected to see from her, instead there was one that I wouldn't have guessed in a million years, it was concern.

               "John, you don't need to worry about my reaction to your relationship with Sarah, please calm down. I never said that you were mine alone, I never asked you to only be mine, I just want to make you happy."

               "But what about your feelings? What about your happiness?"

               "Oh John, its very sweet that you care but if you are happy I am happy. Now onto more pressing matters, let's talk about the terrible twosome, Bella and Lidia. John , you need to do something about them before you tear yourself apart. Either tell them about Sarah and once and for all tell them you can't be involved with them or don't tell them about Sarah and give them what they want."

                  "But that would be cheating on Sarah!"

                "Yeah, it would, but you have to understand that the whole 'its immoral to be with many women' doesn't apply anymore, hell any concept of morality is out the window at this point. If you are hesitating because of religion , then you should consider what you have seen of the ether. Religion is based on belief, as in not believing in something good or something bad but believing in something whatever it maybe. In the end it doesn't matter what a priest or society has told you is wrong, all that matters is what you believe is wrong. Do you believe it is wrong to keep your affections from two women who desperately love you to appease your own sense of guilt, or do you believe it is wrong to have a relationship with the two women that Sarah would never find out about?"

           
                 "Are you telling me its better for me to cheat?"

                 "You obviously have real feelings for Bella and Lidia. If you decide not to pursue them, it would hurt you almost as much as it would hurt them. I'm saying that you should choose the option that causes least pain for everybody involved. Now enough talk , I want to make sure that you don't forget about me when you have all these women."



                   As she pinned me down and kissed me I suddenly realized something, this woman never asked anything from me, but still cared for me and tried to make my life as happy as possible. She knew everything about me so i never had to hide myself from her , and she never judged me even though she knew my deepest secrets. She was as beautiful on the inside as she was on the outside. I realized that I have come to truly love this woman whose name I didn't really know. 



           I'm starting to suspect that there is something wrong with me when it comes to beautiful women.


            
              
            