    Chapter seventy one

      The next day after making a quick trip back to earth and writing a quick note saying I'm busy for the day and won't be available for the duration, I started to make preparations for the day.

          What I want to do today is to put on a show to scare the crap out of the people of Gondar, more specifically I want the nobles to feel intimidated by the amount of power I wield. I want to appear so powerful that I am unfathomable to them, something so powerful that they wouldn't even consider ever attacking Gambela again. Furthermore I wanted to create a legend that would become a deterrent not only to Gondar but also all the other nations, and that meant putting on a show.

         First I had to get dressed properly for the occasion.

          Instead of my trusty cowel I decided to wear some armor, but not any old conventional armor. I decided on an organic looking design. It looked like bulging and twisted black ropes of muscle where covering my entire body, increasing its size considerably. I added sharp looking spikes here and there, then I engraved some archaic looking symbols all over the torso, they served no practical purpose but they still glowed a menacing red. For my head gear I continued the ropy muscles to cover my head but at the front I put in a mirror like face plate. By the end I didn't even look like a man wearing armor, I looked like a nine foot tall black demon with its face missing and magical runes glowing menacingly all over its body. Even Sarah who was watching me create the armor shivered in fear by the time I was done. 

           I actually liked the armor quite a bit, not only does it give me near full coverage from attack , but since the growth of my control over my illusions the muscles were fully functional giving me a huge boost in strength. Plus any enemy I meet is sure to feel like they are going to have a heart attack and die just from looking at me.

       
          Now that I was properly dressed , it was time to go to the location, which was the border to the east where the Gondar army was amassing. I flew there hidden by an illusion of the sky underneath me, I didn't want to be seen quite yet, I wanted to make a grand entrance.

              I flew until I reached the gathered army, once I got there I unveiled my secret weapon...


          *        *        *

      P.O.V. change - general of the Gondar army

            I was out marshaling my army to get ready to invade Gambela.

            According to our spies their king was dead , their top officials and mages were all dead and although their new queen seemed to have a powerful stronghold in the new city of new hope, her army never left the city, making the rest of the country vulnerable. 

             There were rumors that the queens consort was a demigod that gifted her with the city and that he had frightening powers that could make things out of thin air, but I gave such stories little credence. We are not in some fairytale where such things are possible, this was real life and only fools would let such stories stop them from grasping such an opportunity.

            I was out putting my army in order personally making sure we were ready to march when it suddenly got darker as a giant shadow fell on the army. Everybody looked up to see what was happening when their eyes fell on something their minds just wasn't able to comprehend.

             I am a decorated general, master of both wind and fire magic, veteran of multiple battles including one against a chimera that wandered to our borders. I consider myself a hardened man, not afraid of anything, but what I saw froze me in terror and made my knees shake like a new born calf. Slowly I started to laugh hysterically as I thought of the irony of my earlier thoughts.

           There flying over our heads was a terrifying apparition, a faceless black demon summoned from the depths of nightmares with magic swirling visibly on his black twisted body. As if such a sight wasn't enough , he was riding something even more terrifying . The thing had shiny black scales covering its large body which was being kept aloft by bat like membranous wings, it had a large spiny tail growing out of its back and three sinewy necks grew from its front, with ugly heads that had glowing green eyes and silver horns. The demon was riding on the center head which was keeping still, but the other two heads were waving around fixing there sights on different parts of the army as if looking at a delicious buffet.

           I just continued to laugh thinking how ironic it was that I thought the rumors were nothing but a fairytale and now I see something straight out of a fairytale.

          The demon was riding a dragon.


