Chapter seventy four


           Even though I didn't know who the three parties duking it out were, I had my suspicions about who the two could be. The forest of warrior trees and strangling vines seemed to be the work of a very powerful druid who specialized in plants, so I'm assuming at least one side is from the druids that ruled Britain.

           The light shield that formed a sphere and the glowing symbols that shot out periodically from it  to incinerate enemies appeared to be the work of witches, and seeing their preference for using light magic , it seems likely that they are from the church, so some witches from the Sofia church ,probably from somewhere in Europe.

            The third party was more of a mystery. They had summoned so many demons without losing any control over them that it was obvious that they were a skilled summoner, but that seemed to be a contradiction to what the quality of demons was indicating. Their strategy of summoning demons in bulk would have made sense if this was a battle with large armies and it was a simple battle of attrition, but for this kind of battle a summoner able to summon and control so many demons at the same time should have been powerful enough to summon more powerful demons. At first I thought I was dealing with a large group of trash summoners , but seeing the coordination of the demons I was forced to conclude it was the work of a single gifted summoner, which made his actions very perplexing. I wonder who else, other than the church and the druids, has any interests here?


              While I was pondering the identities of the quarreling parties , the battle around me had ground to a halt as everybody had finally noticed me,  I guess I was pretty noticeable in my demonic armor standing at nearly nine foot tall with glowing symbols tattooed all over my giant black frame. I thought maybe they'll all just be too scared to attack and maybe they would just run away.

             At that exact moment as if the universe was mocking my naiveté, a glowing symbol shot out from the sphere of light straight towards me while at the same time one of the tree warrior from the druids forest army started to charge at me  .I could have blocked it and the glowing symbol with a simple shield and attacked everyone head on but I was feeling playful after the battle with the Gondar army so I decided to mess with them instead.

               
               Instead of a simple shield, I made an illusion of an angel appear and stop the glowing symbol with a raised palm. I tried to make the angel as believable as possible, I made it a beautiful woman with golden hair and irises wearing a simple pure white dress. She had three pairs of large pure white wings sprouting from her back and they were all glowing brightly. Her whole body was giving this golden glow as if it was some sort of a divine aura . I did a really good job of making her look convincing , if I do say so myself.


            For the druid , I was betting from his magic that he believed in one plant deity or another so I created something that I thought would embody nature and appeal to him . I made her a green woman with a dress made out of leaves , hair made out of different flowers, and glowing green eyes . I made her gesture in the direction of the advancing tree warrior then I put invisible bands around its arms and legs, stopping it cold, from anybody else's point of view it would look like the green lady stopped the giant tree warrior by a simple gesture.

         
               As for the demon summoner , I did not know what he believed in but I'm just going to have to convince him that I was a very powerful demon, shouldn't be too hard. I created a giant mono-blade and sent it through the horde , instantly killing half of his whole army, if that doesn't make him back down I don't know what will.

   
              Now that all of them were suitably intimidated and confused I could move on to the next phase of the plan.

              I made a giant white flag and stabbed it into the ground, but I had forgotten my enhanced strength when I was in the armor so I made giant cracks appear all over the ground, let's just pretend I meant to do that.

               Then I made a giant table , with three chairs on one side where I sat in the middle , with the angel on one side and the nature girl on the other. There were seats set up on all the other three sides of the table as well.

              The message was obvious.

             It's time to talk.