Chapter seventy six


           After I teleported back down to the basement and finished putting all the pieces of the ARM in my storage ring, I took off my demon armor and teleported to the orphanage to check if the children were alright, and that they didn't get hurt during all the ruckus. I'm pretty sure the violence didn't reach the city, my house was built in a very secluded part of the borrows , but I was worried about them anyways. 


           When I got there the place where the orphanage once stood was occupied by a brand new house, in fact the whole area had been transformed from its former dark and drab appearance to a nice residential area. Gone were the old run down buildings that looked like they could collapse if the wind blew too hard, instead they had been replaced by well built green houses with red rooftops, it felt like I was in a Lego city, it was a kind of neighborhood were you would be happy to raise your kids.

    
            However happy the atmosphere of the new neighborhood might be, I was still alarmed that the orphanage was missing. I approached the house that was on the space where the orphanage was and knocked on the bright blue door. The door was opened by a polite young woman in a maid's outfit.

           "How may I help you sir?"

           "Hi , I'm sorry to disturb you but do you know what happened to the orphanage that used to be here?"

           "I'm sorry sir, this is the house of Mr. Charles Brown and his family, I don't know about any orphanage."

           "Do you at least know how the neighborhood changed so much?"

            "Oh, you don't know about that? Since Mr Cedric took over the burrows , he is changing everything for the better, not only is he personally overseeing the reconstruction of the city but he also has connections to rich and important people like the ouroboros bank, that's where Mr Charles is currently employed. If you ask me Mr Cedric is the best thing that has ever happened to this place."

             "Thank you for the information miss , you have been very helpful."

              "Farewell sir ."

         Then she closed the door and I went on my way. My next stop was Walter's blacksmith , since I left him the responsibility of looking after the kids he should know where they are. As I walked across the burrows I noticed that the whole city was going through a major change. The run down dark hovels were being replaced by well constructed buildings in neat rows. The very identity of the city as being gloomy was being turned around by the bright primary colors that seemed to be creeping up everywhere. All in all I barely recognized the clean streets and happy atmosphere that wasn't there a few months ago.

        I finally reached Walter's blacksmith shop that was next to the mercenary's guild. The door was closed and the sign was dusty which sent up a huge red flag for me. Walters shop was never closed in the middle of the day and he would never let his sign get so dusty. I knocked on the door, even though I knew he probably wasn't in there. After confirming his absence I went to the mercenary's guild to see if they had any information there.

           When I got into the guild it was surprisingly similar to the one in the other world. There were fewer counters and fewer people but it still reminded me of a bank. I went to one of the unoccupied counters which was being manned by a wiry man wearing glasses.

             "Welcome to the mercenary's guild , how may I help you?"

              "Hi, do you know what happened to the blacksmith that worked next door?"

              "I'm sorry sir, this is not an information counter, the one you are looking for is two windows to the right."

           I went to the indicated window and after waiting in line, I was finally in front of a motherly looking old woman with gray hair and a kind smile.

               "How may I help you dearie?"

                "Hello ma'am , I wanted to know what happened to the blacksmith next door ?"

                 "That'll be thirty copper." 
    
                   I gave her the money," He moved away to another location."

                  "What location?"

                   "That's another thirty coppers dearie"

                   I gave her the money, " The information we have says that he moved home to Germany."

                   "What about the kids at the orphanage, where are they?" This time I didn't wait for her to ask, I gave her thirty copper.

                   "Our information says that they went with him."

                    As I left the information counter she called out to me, "Thank you, come again!"

                     She just made me pay nearly a whole silver for common gossip. 

                    Kindly old woman my ass.


