Chapter seventy nine

         I was in shock. Cedric was a man who was pushing eighty. He had the large white beard, the crinkly old face and the kindly smile of Santa Claus. He should be giving cookies to his grandchildren not attempting to date rape a girl who wasn't even twenty years old.

         
              At first I wanted to beat his head in with his own foot or something that was equivalently violent and painful, but then some rationality seeped back into my rage filled mind. If I was to kill the lord of the city now then the blame would fall squarely on Elise , and unlike Lidia who didn't have anybody who cared where she was except for the children of the orphanage, Elise had a loving family and other connections so I couldn't uproot her out of her life in good conscience. I would have to settle for something else to punish this geriatric sex offender.

        
                 My first course of action was to knock out the old lecher, and the baton I made behind his head performed that task admirably. Seeing the old geezer fall face first into his soup shocked Elise quite a bit, she was about to start screaming when I gagged her,

              "Stop panicking, I was the one who knocked him out. He had put something in the wine."

              After I made the gag disappear she said,"That's impossible, Cedric had no reason to poison me, he and my father have been friends for years. You must have made a mistake"

             "I never said he was trying to poison you."

              "If it is not poison then what did he put in the wine?"

               "Sedatives and aphrodisiacs."

               "Wait , what? Are you implying that he was going to rape me? Now I know you are mistaken. He was there when I was born, he is my godfather for God's sake!"


                "I don't know about any of that, but what I do know is that in the wine is a cocktail of drugs that could make a hippo pliant, let alone a woman of your size, and I'm assuming they didn't get in there by accident. Now if you will excuse me I'm going to make sure that Cedric doesn't drown in his soup."

     
                  I raised his face out of his soup and considered what I should do to the old man to teach him a lesson and make sure this never happens to another young lady , without arousing suspicion. I got a very small piece of metal , enchanted it with a particularly nasty rune from Russia , made a small incision on his arm and inserted the metal where it wouldn't be detected and even though my healing enchantment sucked ,since the incision was small and mostly superficial I was able to erase all signs of its existence.

                  Afterwards I cleaned his face and called the guards, told them that he fell asleep at the table and nobody, not even Cedric , was the wiser as to what had occurred.

                   I walked Elise all the way back to her house, which funny enough was close to the orphanage .

                   "Are you sure Cedric was trying to rape me ?"

                   "Yes , Elise. How many times do I have to say it before you believe me?"

                   "I'm sorry, it's just so unbelievable. There have always been rumors around him, but the accusor was always quickly silenced and he said it was the work of his rivals to take him down. I can't believe he was that kind of man all these years!"

                   "Take it from someone who knows, it's sometimes very hard to see past the glossy veneer to see the monster underneath. I grew up in a family of monsters and you wouldn't guess it from the way they acted in public."

                     We finally arrived at her doorstep, she stood on her tip toe and gave me a kiss on the cheek," Thank you John, you saved me from having to experience something unimaginably horrific."

                      Then she spun around and went inside.

                     As I was walking away from the house the door opened again and Elise's head popped out, then she asked," I forgot to ask , what did you do to Cedric's arm?"

                       I smiled as I replied, " Oh just a little something special from Russia that the witches of the black forest used on people who annoyed them."

                       The rune that I had implanted into Cedric was one that would ruin every aspect of his life. He would be unable to perform any task the way he used to be able to . From magic to other more mundane activities he is going to fail at everything ,and he would do it in such a way that people would attribute it to his old age. Most importantly he won't ever be able to have sex ever again.

                     The rune I used was 'impotent' . 
                

