Chapter eighty

        I was having a date with the girl in my dreams, this time we were taking a stroll in a park, just holding hands and enjoying each other's company,

               "So John, when are you going to go on your little trip to Europe? "

               "I want to make sure that Walter and the kids are safe as soon as possible, so I will probably head out early tomorrow morning after informing everyone. It's not like I can't teleport back at anytime and continue my journey from where I left off. There is no reason to make a big deal out of it."

                "I won't make a big deal out of it , as long as you sleep , it doesn't matter where you are, I will always be in your dream."

                "As long as I know that you will be in my dreams, I will always long to sleep."

               "That's so sweet John, as a reward I will tell you a secret."

                 "What secret is that?"

                "Soon, something really exciting is going to happen in real life. Something I think will make you very happy."

                "And what is that?"

                 She came closer , as if to whisper into my ear, then honked my nose and ran away,"If you want to know , you're going to have to catch me!"

                  I chased and chased her, but it was like trying to capture the wind. She was fast , much faster than me, and every time I got close to her she would giggle and vanish to appear behind me. When I finally thought I caught her she kissed me and said,"Goodbye John."

                 I woke up in my bed at the Steelbender castle curious and frustrated .


           *            *              *


           That morning I told Lidia and the Steelbender family what I planned to do.

            Michael simply said," Be very careful when you are there Tom, everything there is a little off. The women are in charge, which in itself isn't so bad, but men are treated almost like cattle . Watch yourself and don't let your guard down. The only time I went there was as a part of a delegation from the council and there was this feeling I just couldn't put my finger on that spooked the hell out of me. I am sure they were hiding something from us. I repeat be careful and don't let your guard down."

           "Thanks Michael , I'll be sure to heed your warning and keep an eye out."


         I was about to leave when Lidia and Bella then spoke in unison, "may we have a word in private."

            They dragged me to an empty room. As soon as we were inside Lidia suddenly grabbed my shirt, dragged me down and kissed me hard on the mouth. As I was reeling, trying to comprehend what had just happened, Bella grabbed my shirt and did the exact same thing.

          "There , now you won't forget us. If you want any more of those , you are going to have to come and get them yourself."

            Then they just turned around and walked away, leaving me confused and stunned at the sudden turn of events. 

         Through the open door I could see Michael lying on the floor , rolling around, holding his stomach and laughing his ass off. I had a feeling that I was going to be teased about this story for the foreseeable future.

              *       *       *

          After telling Sarah that I was going to be busy for a while , I teleported to Europe. 

           My goal was to find Walter and the kids who were in Germany, but since I have never been in Germany I could not teleport directly. The only place I have ever been in Europe was the place where I was born, Oslo Norway. So my plan is to teleport there then make my way to Germany.

            The first thing I noticed when I teleported to Oslo was that I was on a roof. I quickly clad myself in illusion to make myself nearly invisible and floated down to ground level. This was a function of my illusion that I rarely used, it didn't really make me invisible, it is more like the camouflage in the predator movies.

               Thankfully I wasn't spotted while I was descending. Once I was on the ground , I went into a dark shadow and deactivated the camouflage. I had my dark cowl on so I blended well into the shadow, this way nobody will freak out that I appeared out of thin air, I just blended well with the shadow that's why they didn't see me.

                Once I looked around I noticed something very strange. The houses around me reminded me of ginger bread houses, the same shape, bright colored roofs and colorful trimmings that reminded me of icing. All of them looked similar except for size and the colors of the roofs and trimmings.

                 The people where stranger still, all the women were pretty and had colorful clothes of varying fashion, there were no older women which I found very suspicious. All the men where dressed in tight gray shirts and shorts, they were all following one woman or another with their eyes submissively on the ground. None of them wore any shoes.
   
                   Something was very wrong in Norway.



