Chapter eighty two

            I was enraged that this woman was treating me as if I was nothing more than a stray dog that she was going to take , as if I had no choice in the matter and my opinion didn't matter. I wanted to make her feel like she was the powerless one, I wanted her to feel how she made the men feel. 

             The problem was that I had a very meteoric rise in power, I had never been defeated during my adventures and have slowly grown complacent. I thought that because she had very little of her own mana and only a few enchantments , she wasn't really going to be an opponent to me who had battled giant monsters and entire armies. I had forgotten how in the beginning I was also only a humble enchanter and yet was quite dangerous as I defeated powerful enemies who had underestimated me. I had already assumed I was going to win and wasn't even thinking about the upcoming battle.


             And in the ultimate move of arrogance and stupidity , I let her attack me. Instead of immediately restraining her , because I wanted her to see that she was powerless against me ,I gave her a free shot so I could block whatever she threw at me and rub it in her face. She calmly took out a silver brooch and pointed it in my direction. I could see that it had some sort of enchantment I wasn't familiar with but I was so secure in my power that I wasn't alarmed.


               Suddenly my vision shrunk down to contain nothing but the silver brooch , inside there were little spinning wheels of different colors , then they got larger and larger dancing in more and more complex patterns, mesmerizing hypnotic patterns. I could feel Jules trying to change what I saw , but it was too late. The enchantment had already taken a grip in my mind and it wasn't letting go. The funny part was that I now knew what the enchantment was, it was a simple cantrip that captured attention combined with one that projects an image directly into the mind , and that was something Jules could not protect me from. I found myself more and more sleepy, finally all my thoughts slowly blew away like dandelions in a gentle breeze, then I passed out.


            *           *            *

             "John, wake up John. Please wake up. You have to escape before she comes back!"

              I woke up feeling drowsy and disoriented.

              "Jules, what happened?"

              "Alright, I need you to listen carefully , I need you to focus and escape from this situation before the witch returns."

               "Chill out Jules, I underestimated her the first time, but it won't happen again. Next time I see her , I'm going to immediately attack her and not fall for one of her tricks."

                   When I looked around I saw that I was chained to some sort of bed with metal shackles. My hands and feet where shackled to the four posters of the bed. I tried to create a mono-blade to cut through the shackles but my attempt just sputtered out unsuccessfully. 

                    "I see you have finally woken up. You're wasting your time by the way ,  that won't work."

                    It was the woman from the street. If she looked beautiful on the street , she looked absolutely divine now. She literally had a soft glow around her that took her beauty to another level.

                    "You know when I first captured you I was going to sell you immediately for a little profit? I have never had a need for men you see. I have never found one that would be worthy of me, the most powerful hearth witch in Oslo. That is why I think that it was fate that we met. Looking at your features , you are more beautiful than any man I have ever seen," she slowly ran her fingers down my cheek," and if that is not enough , when I checked in your storage ring I find piles of treasure, there is gold but that is only secondary, marvels like these," she took out the cleaning wand, " able to clean dirt with just a wave, and these, " she took out the AC, " enchanted to keep a house at a comfortable temperature. Marvelous, you might as well have been a hearth witch yourself. You are truly a man that is worthy of me unlike the rest of these useless mules that have no use but to sate one's desire and produce children, the very thought of touching one disgusts me. But you are special, you aren't weak or disgusting, you I wouldn't mind touching."

                   I was starting to panic, I tried to teleport out of there but it felt like I was being blocked similar to when I tried to teleport through the barrier in Montreal. I tried to attack her several times but nothing seemed to work.

                 "Are you trying to do something dear? Nothing is going to work , I am a hearth witch and you are in my house. The mana here obeys only me. For all intents and purposes inside this house I am the goddess, and by the time I'm done with you I will be your goddess too, and you shall worship me with all your love and devotion."


                  Her beautiful smile froze all the blood inside my veins.


A.N.  Didn't see that coming did you?