Chapter eighty three (wee bit of mature content)

         I later found out that I was in the house for only a week.

          It didn't feel like a week. It felt like I was in there for years, no it felt like I was there for lifetimes. The witch that captured me was a master of mind magic, logically you would think that an AI in my mind that has a certain control over my brain chemistry and function would be able to protect me, but her magic didn't care about logic as it tore through my mind conjuring my deepest fears and nightmares to torment me. She showed me visions of Sarah being deposed and hung as a traitor as she sobbed my name , begging me to save her. I saw the council condemn the whole Steelbender family for aiding a suspected heretic and execute them by a hail of magical attacks. I saw Lidia being tied up to a stake and being burned alive as she screamed in agony. One by one their tortured spirits would appear before me with accusations in their eyes as if saying this is your fault, you did this to us.

              I tried to tell myself that this images were fake, that they were just all my fears being paraded before my eyes, but the images still hurt, they still slowly eroded my sanity. I could see myself slipping away but there was nothing I could do about it. Inside this house I couldn't use any magic, I didn't even have any mana inside me to circulate so I couldn't use my enchantments, hell I couldn't even use my god sight. I was truly defenseless as she gradually tore me apart psychologically.


               The only moments of peace I got was when she decided to sleep with me. At first it was straight up rape, she would dose the food she was force feeding me with special concoctions that would force me to perform then she would ride me to her hearts content. By the end of it I would feel used and dirty from what had happened, but slowly it started to change. I started to look forward to these moments when I wasn't being tortured, I started to enjoy what we were doing simply because it was much better than the alternative.


                 I knew what she was trying to do, she was using the simplest and oldest method to break my will. Although the way it was applied might have changed, the same idea of alternating the carrot and the stick to make a person break has been used for years. The problem was that this method has been used for years for a reason, it works. 

                  I started to think about giving in. Every time we finished having sex she would softly ask me to be hers, that I didn't need to be in pain anymore. She would whisper to me that we could be happy together like we are right now, no pain just pleasure, all I have to do is vow to obey her. Every time she asked me I came closer and closer to saying yes.

                 The only reason that I even lasted that long was that the witch's magic didn't seem to affect Jules, she would constantly talk to me in my lucid moments. She would remind me of happier times and for a few minutes I would be free of the nightmare that my life has become. Her voice became the most precious and important thing in my life.

                 "Alright John, I know it's difficult but you have to pay attention to what I am about to tell you. When the witch is climaxing she loses control. The house is like an extension of her will, for a fraction of a second the house will be affected. For those fractions you have to try and wrestle some mana into your enchantments and quickly finish her off."

                 I just nodded listlessly, it was at the end of my torture lesson and the witch was already mounting me, I couldn't reply in any other way. When the witch finally climaxed I tried to do what Jules said. I grabbed for the mana and put it in my illusion enchantment , it was like grabbing slippery snakes. Before I was able to get any meaningful amount the mana was inaccessible again. A few moments later I got another opportunity to try again, with similarly disappointing results. When the third time came around I was so frustrated that I shunted the mana into the enchantment in my skull instead of the illusion enchantment.

               As the effects activated my thought process sped up and time seemed to slow down, almost stop. My thoughts suddenly became crystal clear instead of the hazy mess they were before. It became obvious what I needed to do. I took the small shred of mana left and put it in my illusion enchantment , instead of creating anything meaningful , I created the smallest grain and shot it through the witches skull, once inside I made it move around her brain at incredible speeds turning it into mush.

              As my mana run out, things went back to normal speed, the witch was still on top of me with the smile of her latest orgasm on her face, but she was definitely dead. I just sat there in disbelief for a moment. I was free, I could feel the mana rush back into me as the house seemed to have died with her. I cut the cuffs off with a mono-blade then shoved the smiling dead woman off me.

                   As I got up and took my storage rings from her cooling dead fingers, I had a very inappropriate thought, but it made me laugh anyway.

                   Whatever women might say about me, I always leave them smiling.
