Chapter eighty five

           "John, there are people approaching the house , ETA four minutes, and I highly doubt they are going to be friendly. You need to move to another location John."

            I got up to leave , but then remembered the brooch . I looked towards the witches discarded clothing and it was right there sitting on top. I reached out my hand to grab it but before I could reach over and grab it , it flew straight into my outstretched hand. For a second I was freaked out,


              "Jules, analyze the brooch. Why did it act like that?"

               "It wasn't the brooch, it was you."

                "What do you mean its me? I didn't use my enchantment, hell I didn't even circulate my mana."

                 "I'll tell you later, now is not the time to talk. Teleport out of here John."

              I looked at the body of my tormentor and the ruins of what was the place that I was tortured in one last time and teleported to my hideout. Once there I immediately started interrogating her about her earlier remarks.

                 "So what were you saying earlier about how I moved the brooch?"

                 "There is something very important I need to tell you, you are not the same as you used to be, the mana storm event that occurred after you lost control has changed you."

                  "What do you mean Jules? You are starting to freak me out."

                  "Remember the first time that the mana storm incident occurred,when you thought you had lost Sarah? Well it only happened for a very brief period of time and it was able to give you better control of the enchantments. I had a hypothesis that the event caused a partial integration of the enchantments into your core pattern that is in the ether, but since I had no substantial evidence to support that theory I never mentioned it to you. I now believe that I have enough proof to be fairly sure I was right."

                 "What proof? What does that have to do with the brooch? You're not suggesting that....no, that's impossible."

                "The mana storm event that happened today was sustained for a much longer period of time and the intensity was hundreds of times worse than the first one. John, the enchantments in your body are all gone, and that is the least of the changes that occurred to your body."

                 "You are saying that the enchantments are not in me, but are a part of what I am?"

                  
                   "That is the least of your concerns. When the mana storm is occurring around you reality becomes malleable , the laws of nature are subverted , although it may not have seemed like it at the time this had a very large impact on your body. As I have said before the enchantments are gone and I believe you don't need to activate them in order to use them, I believe now all you have to do is will it. But that is the smallest of the changes. Your entire skeletal structure now seems to be producing mana as well as being able to collect ambient mana that's floating around , there also seems to be a fine network of orichalcum veins running throughout your body carrying mana like normal veins carry blood. And I'm saving the best for last , you are legally brain dead."


                   "Wait, what?"


                  "You are brain dead, the only activity in here belongs to me. You seemed to have packed up and left."

                    "This is not funny! How can I be brain dead when I'm talking to you right now?"

                     "That's actually a pretty good question, my usual feed to your mind is gone, your mind seems to have a some sort of connection to me from wherever it is. "

                    "That doesn't make any sense, I am seeing out of my eyes, controlling my body, nothing seems different."

                    "I have a theory about that, I think when the change was occurring you were somehow guiding it subconsciously, the bad experience you just went through was fresh on your mind so your subconscious  did its best to keep you safe from such things ever happening to you again. Being able to produce mana will mean that you won't ever be helpless again, the enchantments have become a part of you and I think that you will find that you have become much more powerful and finally I think your mind has been sent somewhere in the between the material realm and the ether. I don't think there is a spell that can affect it now that it is virtually inaccessible to anyone. I believe that this is the best mental defense you are going to get, but I have no idea how this will affect the god sight. The passive effects are still there but I don't know what would happen if you activated it. All the failsafes I made are inside your brain, but you are no longer there anymore. Until we can be sure I recommend that you just don't use it."


                    "This is a lot to take in, you know we are going to have to do lots of research about this don't you?"

                   With what happened to me the last week , I just wanted to be alone and work on something to distract myself and this was perfect for that.

                    "There is another important thing I have to tell you."

                     "What , are there more changes ?"

                    "No this is much more important, I can now call you Mr brain dead and mean it! "

                      If I was brain dead, how was I getting a headache?