Chapter eighty six

       The next few days were spent on a battery of tests to determine what my new powers were like and what their limitations were. The tests had some very interesting results. The first test was to see how the new application of my old enchantments worked. For example before full assimilation I had to circulate my internal mana, focus it into the appropriate enchantment then will it to create what I wanted to use the illusion enchantment. Now however the first step is unnecessary since I have mana running through my whole body, the second step is also unneeded. The process has been shortened to simply willing something into being. The complexity and detail of the illusions created have outstripped anything I could have done before. I was now able to create almost any type of material from the softest of silks to the hardest of gems, but there were still limitations. The conjured material has the same properties as before, it was solid, it was completely unaffected by heat or electricity or anything of that nature. The only way it interacts with the world is force and contact and however much I tried, I couldn't change that.

            I then run some test on my super speed and super thought enchantments. I learned that I now could control the amount of mana I spent when I was using them. I could increase their intensity by adjusting the amount of mana I used, for example when I sunk all my mana into super thought the world almost literally stands still. The time dilation was so extreme that Jules couldn't keep up, let's just say it was so close to stopping time it made no difference. As for super speed , I couldn't even use it at full throttle. At some point the atmospheric friction became so bad that the air started catching fire so I called it quits at that point, let's just say I'm pretty damn fast and its not limited to my feet anymore.


            My push and pull enchantment has almost been forgotten since I first implanted it. The control was very sloppy and it had very little utility. But now the simple push and pull enchantment had somehow changed to telekinesis . I could move objects with my mind, which I found pretty cool. The previous jerky and difficult way of balancing multiple pushing and pulling forces to move an object suddenly became completely intuitive , now all I need to do is imagine where I want the object to go and the rest is done by the enchantment. By experimenting I found that I could not only move solid objects but also liquids and even gases. By concentrating on molecules of something I could even cause it to vibrate really fast and create enough heat to produce fire. With enough practice , I was now sure that I could emulate the elementary powers of all the elemental mages.

                After getting a grip on my magic, I started to study the enchantments on the brooch. First I tried to use it on myself to see if it would have any effect, it didn't. It appears that mental attacks aren't effective against me anymore. After carefully pulling apart the brooch , I found the runes that were the cause of the effects, it was actually constructed in a similar way to my LEG, it had multiple stages. The cantrip that pulls the attention of the victim was on the frame of the brooch. Once that has done its job a jem that's hidden inside has an enchantment that makes the hypnotic light show which is transmitted through the silver surface that is visible at the center and acts like a screen. The screen itself has been enchanted to transmit directly into the mind. The people who made the brooch were really under utilizing their resources when they made it, I believe with the right modifications it could become an instrument to brainwash people. By inscribing intent control into the gem that produced the light effects , I believe I can now send post hypnotic suggestions directly into the mind instead of just knocking somebody out. 

                  This could be the most evil instrument I have ever made, an instrument for making slaves. If it got into the wrong hands it was the kind of thing that could have unimaginably catastrophic consequences. For a moment I considered destroying it, but then I thought of the problem in Norway, this could be my solution and if there are similar places with similar problems I could use it there too.

                 "John, I'm not sure keeping that thing is a good idea."

                  "I know Jules , but with this I could fix Norway . I could show them right from wrong."

                 "But where will you draw the line, when you can 'fix' everyone? When you can 'teach' everyone what you believe to be right or wrong? Its a very slippery slope and they say that then road to hell is paved with good intentions. If you use that thing John , you will become what you hate most."

                  "I know Jules, that is why I vow to never use it without your permission. There happy?"

                  "Yeah, I'm happy. I give you permission to use it in Norway."

                  I found it supremely ironic that we were going to use a tool that subverts a person's will to free the men of Norway from slavery.





                  