Chapter eighty seven


        Before working on the Norway problem , I needed to check in with everybody and check if everything was alright.

         First I went to new hope, no smoke or destruction so it seemed that nothing too bad had happened. When I asked for Sarah I was respectfully told that she was busy in a meeting with important foreign dignitaries. I was starting to feel like I needed an appointment to see my own girlfriend. I was slightly upset by the situation but I didn't barge in like last time, I just left a message saying that I might be busy for a while and that I missed her then teleported to the Steelbender castle.

         I seemed to have arrived during dinner which was convenient . With everyone together I told them that there were minor complications and that I might be gone for a little longer than I had anticipated. I asked everyone if they were OK and there seemed to be no problems so I was going to teleport away when Lidia grabbed my arm and asked to speak to me in private, at first I thought it was something similar to last time but the serious look in her eyes told me otherwise. When we got into an empty room her smile disappeared and she frowned as she said,

         "What happened to you John?"

          "What do you mean ? Nothing happened."

           "Don't do that , don't try to hide things beneath that fake smile. "

           "Is it that obvious?"

            "Not to anybody else, you may not pay that much attention to me but the reverse is not true. I know you well enough to know when something is wrong."

            "You really know me that well?"

            "John, you might not have understood this by now, but I have loved you since before I knew what you looked like. I have known you the longest from anybody and I think I might be the only person you have told your whole story to. Yes, I think I know you well enough even though you insist on pushing me away."

            "I haven't been a very good friend to you have I ?"

            "Not really, you don't even look at me that often. I used to think I was beautiful, but since I met you I feel like a troll."

            I looked deep into her baby blue eyes and saw the pain in them as she said those words, 

            "I'm sorry Lidia, I have been a jerk to you. But for the past few days I have learned some very hard lessons. I have been forced to see some things more clearly and I have come to a realization that you are on a very short list of people that I love. "

            "Its nice to know that you care, now stop trying to dodge the subject, what happened?"

            "It really wasn't that bad, I was captured for a little while and shown some images of the death of people I care about but I was able to quickly escape."

             "You're still not being completely honest, I can see the haunted look you are trying to hide. I'll let it go for now but remember I'm always here for you , if you need somebody to talk to or just hang out with just say the word and I'll be there."

            "Thank you Lidia, that means a lot to me."

           She gave me a sad smile and turned around to walk away but I grabbed her arm, turned her back around and planted a kiss on her lips, leaving her dazed. As I left the room I said,

             "You said if I wanted anymore I should get them, well I wanted one so I took one. Goodnight Lidia."


                        *     *     *

            That night I decided to spend the night in my room at the Steelbender castle. I haven't had a really good sleep for a while now and it was mostly linked to nightmares but I also thought it might have something to do with the fact that the girl in my dreams hasn't visited me in a while. I had a sneaking suspicion that the recent changes had made me inaccessible to her, but in a last ditch attempt to meet her again I decided to sleep in a place where she has already visited me in.

            As I brushed my teeth and got ready for bed Jules made a rather strange request,

            "Do you trust me John?"

             "What kind of question is that? Of course I trust you Jules! "

               "Then can you do something for me ,no questions asked?"

               "Sure, what do you need?"

               "Remember that angel you made to talk to those priestesses? Can you recreate her, make her as real as possible and then release her from your control?"

               "That's simple, here look," I made the angel with the six wings and golden hair then released my control making her slump to the ground, " so what is the point of this exercise?"


             The angel slowly rose up from the ground, then she started to shift. I had made her to be conservative to appeal to the wholesome priestesses but suddenly her hips got wider her breasts slightly inflated, and her facial features shifted slightly. She was still an angel with golden hair and irises but now she was an angel of lust and this angel of lust had a very familiar face. I was so shocked that I started to sputter,

           "What?....but how?....does this mean..."

            The voice in my head changed ever so slightly to another very familiar voice then the voice in my head spoke at the same time as the angel spoke,

            "Hello John."

             

          


          