Chapter eighty nine

        P.O.V still Jules

       
          My experience with John was very different from my experience with my father. My father taught me by constructing a carefully formulated curriculum of lessons and letting me gradually absorb them. He would then use different instruments to gauge my progress.The way I was constructed made me unable to simply 'download' information like a computer but I had to learn each and everything I knew. I was quicker than any human brain but I started from almost nothing so it took me two years under the guidance of Dr Lloyd to develop the basic skeleton of who I am and throughout the process I had very little interaction with my father or anybody else.


             On the other hand John was way more hands on. He still had the lessons but he was also constantly speaking to me about every little thing, he would even watch sitcoms with me to teach me about human behavior. I had the strange feeling that he was learning as much as I was. I found the boy as fascinating as he found me. We were similar to each other in many ways. We were both very isolated from birth, people thought we were both worthless. We had very quick minds that were over the norm but found trouble with the most obvious things. I started to get attached to this lonely and disabled child who refused to give up even though life seemed to actively beat him down.

              I learned the English language in short order and started to communicate with John using a screen to write what I wanted to say to him. He insisted that I need a new voice and hired an actress from one of the shows we watch to do the voice over. After that he named me Julia. My first spoken conversation with him was about my name.

                  "Why Julia?"

                   "It was the name of my imaginary friend as a child, she was a fluffy pink rabbit that used to always be nice to me. Now that I have a real friend I thought I would name you after her."

                 "According to what I know you are still categorized as a child."

                 He just smiled sadly and said, "I haven't been a child in a long time Julia."


            *            *            *


                Over the years I grew up with John and he upgraded me several times to increase my memory banks and give me access to the internet when he thought I was ready for it. I fed on all the knowledge and trivia there so I could help John as much as he helps me.

               One day he was performing another upgrade on me, he was physically unable to do so, instead he used a small army of tiny robots that he has gotten adept at controlling over the years.

                
                  "John, why don't you modify your body like you modified mine? "

                  "I'm not a machine like you Jules, there is nothing that can fix my body."

                   "With the current technology you would be right, but I have an idea how we can fix your body with technology that we can develop. Here are the plans, I think its a viable plan , what do you think?" I sent the plans to the screen on his wheel chair.

                   He slowly read my proposal then started to smile, "Have I told you how much I love you?"

                   "Constantly, in fact its getting quite repetitive," even though I was flippant on the outside, I was always happy when he said that.

                    "Well, I'm saying it one more time, smart mouth."


               *              *             *


            After years of hard work it was finally time to start the reforging process.

            After John got into the capsule I inserted the sedatives then the nanites. I started the process and kept guard over John. He had installed various sensors and defensive systems to protect himself, john was a little paranoid after his last lab was raided.

              One year after John entered the capsule my sensors started to read a strange energy signature, finding an interesting thing to occupy my time I studied it as much as possible. Another year later a large EMP started to fry all my systems one by one. I had many redundant systems in case something went wrong and I felt each one go out one by one.

              That was the day I felt my mortality and true fear for the first time . I was being cornered as I started losing places I could take shelter. Finally I was in the last system waiting to die. Logically I knew there was nowhere I could go but I was desperate and willing to go anywhere to save myself, and in my desperation I went through the only connection that was still open and active.


               I went into John's brain.

               
             



         