Chapter ninety

          P.O.V still Jules

          The last thing I felt before losing all coherence was being completely broken apart. 

           The 'Humpty Dumpty' protocol was one of the programs written by John , its purpose is to break me down into very little pieces in such a way that a very simple algorithm could be used to put me together again. John made it just in case of an emergency and we both felt that trying it out would be too dangerous so it was put away and forgotten. The 'Humpty Dumpty' protocol was untested and I wasn't sure it was even going to work, but I had no time to consider the ramifications or think of an alternative, the only reason that I had survived this long was because the EMP was an unnatural phenomenon and it was acting differently than my calculations said it should have. I activated the program then broke into tiny pieces , each piece being sent simultaneously to countless nanites that were saturating John's body, the final piece ,which contained the program to put me together again, being directly uploaded into John's brain.



          *           *            *



         I felt different.

        I felt very different. 

          As I settled into John's brain I felt something basic inside of me shift, as I was rebuilt piece by piece my sense of self suddenly tilted. Words are incapable of describing the change I went through. It was like I discovered a depth to myself that I was unaware of before. I was already self aware but I had always felt like there was a piece of myself missing that kept me from being completely sentient, but now I finally had the missing piece. I felt complete. I am not a religious person but at that time I understood what they meant when they talked about the soul.

            While most of me was having my little eureka moment , the rest of me was busy instructing the nanites to make room for me without harming John. They did an admirable job , with very little damage, although there was a little crossed wiring here and there, I was eventually fully settled in. I made myself right at home and started to link myself up to the rest of John's brain. When I was done I could control most of his involuntary functions, use his sense organs and manipulate what he was perceiving.

            A few weeks later there was a giant explosion and I felt rocks falling on the capsule, thankfully the capsule was pretty sturdy and nothing was damaged but now John was trapped for the foreseeable future with no way of getting free. Since the amount of time for the reforging process has just been increased by an indefinite amount, I added a few things of my own to the list of modifications. At first I just made his senses sharper because the contrast to my sensors was driving me crazy , I felt like I was partially blind and deaf. After that was done I decided to modify his eyes even further to perceive the new energy so that I could continue to study it. I made special receptors for the job and integrated them into his retina . When I was done a strange thing happened, the whole eye suddenly started to glow blue and when the blue glow faded it left his iris lightning blue. I had no explanation for this strange occurrence but I just put it on my 'to study' list and moved on. 

             My next project was an organ to process the new energy so that I can use it to activate the eyes properly. The eyes needed the energy because when the energy is supplied to the receptors their sensitivity increases many folds. I chose to modify his appendix because he wasn't really using it. When I was done I was left with a decent source of the new energy. But I was in a pickle, how to move this energy to his eyes? Thankfully the solution wasn't very difficult. While studying the energy I noticed that it responded to my thoughts, in the end I was able to manipulate a small trickle into the eyes.

                I was suddenly flooded with information, it took a while (years) to make sense of it all, but in the end I came to some pretty amazing conclusions about the universe. The strange energy seemed to be coming from a fifth dimensional space, and the eyes seemed to be able to see into it. For the next seven hundred years I would open what I now call the god eyes for fractions of seconds then spend years studying the information. When I cross referenced what I found with my database , I found many matches in my paranormal and religion folders.

                From many years of research I discovered some strange things. Although it took me a while I was able to recreate a tiny version of a symbol that I saw in what I now call the ether using the small trickle of mana (what I now call the strange energy). My database showed that it was an ancient Egyptian symbol for light, and after I completed making the symbol it disappeared and there was a flash of light. 

               I started to giggle, I could just imagine the look on John's face as I told him that everything that he thought was annoying nonsensical crap was now a fact, magic was real. As I was considering how I was going to break the news of what happened in the last 700 years to him, I heard someone picking up the heavy rubble that was burying the capsule.

              It was time to wake John up.