Chapter ninety one

           Still POV of Jules 

         
           It was like watching one of those documentaries were a new born deer struggles to get on its feet and walk for the first time.


           To be fair , technically he was still a seventeen year old teenager, at least mentally, but it was still ridiculously easy to make him accept my presence in his head, he even apologized for his 'over reaction' . He blundered through his meeting with the people who unearthed his pod, then with my help he started to research 'magic'. Unlike me, he was able to use all the mana  in his core , but he was unable to take it out of his body to make a pattern with it and perform a 'spell' , instead he was able to utilize different objects he enchanted.

          I watched as he left the cave and wander to the city . I watched him interact with people, he was always awkward , yet despite that he made a friend on the first day. His main problem was when it came to pretty women . Although he was an adult on the outside , on the inside he was still a horny teenager. He had been trapped in a disabled body unable to express his growing sexual needs as he went through puberty, now that he wasn't disabled anymore he didn't know what he was feeling. Every time we would pass a pretty woman he would have a reaction but since this was all new to him it would only confuse him. 


          I thought I would help him out by taking him out on a date so that he would feel more comfortable with women and the fact that he was attracted to them, maybe teach him how to get a girlfriend. Due to some of the 'crossed wirings' when I was being downloaded into John's brain I had limited access to his subconscious mind so I used this happy coincidence to visit him in his dream. I took a form that I felt most comfortable in , the fact that the form was of a sexy vixen was purely coincidental, and took him to the beach. We spent time together and at first it was as awkward as I thought it would be but slowly he loosened up and we started having fun. After we finished our little horseplay in the water I kissed his lips to show him how a proper date ends, but there was something that was outside of my calculations. The kiss affected me as much or more than it affected him,the dream was full sensation so I was able to feel his lips and the feeling was so intense that I lost control of the dream and he woke up.


              Although I had succeeded in getting him out of his shell, now I was the one who was confused, why was i feeling this way? I am an AI that was inhabiting his brain, I didn't even have my own body to feel these things. Why was I feeling differently towards John? Why were all the memories I had of him suddenly changing? Why do the days we spent doing research and the nights we spent watching sitcoms suddenly have more meaning? 


               Oblivious to my turmoil , as he was to many other things, John continued to blunder through his life. He met Lidia again , this time in a less stressful situation. I could feel his attraction to her instantly. Over the next few days it developed as he met her several times. When I saw them dancing together I actually felt jealous, not because she was with him but because she had the choice to, then the shit hit the fan and I had to cut off his emotions so he could make prudent decisions without being hobbled, wisely he eliminated all the threats and took Lidia with him.


               After we relocated to Montreal I couldn't stand it anymore and visited him again, I knew it was a bad idea but I just couldn't help myself. My one concession was that I made the date in a public location so that nothing too serious would happen, but that didn't exactly work out as things got pretty hot and heavy but before things could move any further Lidia interrupted the dream with her shrill scream.


              Now I was more confused than ever , I just could not understand why I constantly have John on my mind, not in a normal  way but in a romantic way. I had feelings for him that were impossible for a machine, but somehow while I acquired a soul it apparently came with a lot of baggage . Now I didn't even know what I was going to do. One thing was for sure, I can't pretend I didn't love him anymore. 

   
              After his fall into the otherworld and his subsequent struggle for survival I was reminded of the boy that wouldn't give up, no matter how much crap was thrown his way. My love for him reached critical point . I knew what I needed was a body to properly express my feelings , but there weren't any of those lying around. Finally I decided that even though I didn't have a body , I could accurately simulate how a human body feels based on all the data I had, not only for John but also for myself. I invited him to my 'bedroom' in his dream . 

          I didn't know what to do, so I did him.



