Chapter ninety two

            POV - still Jules 


                   After that little incident I regularly visited him until the whole Sarah thing started. When that happened I backed away a little so that I wouldn't confuse the poor boy. For some reason he was still hung up on the idea of monogamy , don't ask me why, he wasn't even religious. Instead I focused on a way to get a new body, there were some magical alternatives but they involved dealing with powers that were better left alone.

                 The solution to my problem came when John overreacted to what he thought was Sarah's betrayal, in the time when he flipped out he somehow was able to partially fuse the enchantments with himself, or at least that's what I thought because now there was a connection between the enchantment and his subconscious and guess who has a direct line to his subconscious? Yeah now I had a way to get a body without sacrificing a virgin or other such none sense.


                  When John returned back to the castle Lidia and Bella sprang a double whammy on him, it was quite funny watching him flounder and struggle to stay faithful even though he was still a teenager that has just discovered sex. He really stood no chance against them, so that night I paid him a visit and helped him rationalize his decision before his head or gonad exploded. That was the only reason I visited , it had nothing to do with what happened afterwards.. *ahem*.

        
                I tested out if I could control his constructs during his little dragon stunt , I controlled one of the heads of the dragon and it went swimmingly. I confirmed that I couldn't create any new things but i could manipulate things that have already been created as long as John wasn't controlling it directly .Afterwards I saw him create an angel and it clicked, that was the body for me, and no it had nothing to do with the fact that she looked like a goddess. A few changes here and there I bet I could make her perfect.

     
              Before I could surprise John, he got captured in Norway, I tried to block the witch's charm but it affected his mind from the ether , I couldn't do anything as he passed out and was captured by the hateful hag. I was forced to just watch helplessly as his mind was getting flayed again and again by the witch's malicious attacks, by the end he was barely holding on . He was finally able to escape , but the damage he received was massive, even after I blocked his emotions he still lost control.

      
              The meltdown he had after his torture made the first one look like a harmless little hiccup. Reality became an 'if' and 'maybe' instead of its usual 'is'. In the middle of the transient mess that reality had become his body changed drastically. The enchantments vanished as they were absorbed by him. His bones started to emit and absorb mana. The orichalcum veins to his core became a complex system that spanned his entire body. Then I felt his brain activity fade away then disappear, for a second I thought that I had lost him, but his body was still functioning and when he finally calmed down he seemed to be completely fine.


              For a while we just researched his new body and abilities, as for me I got something really nice out of it. The nanites seemed to now be able to consume mana as an energy source. This would mean that my plans for making a body was complete.
 I produced a group of very special nanites in preparation for the day , or more likely night, when I would claim my new body.


                 On that fateful night I told John to make the body of the angel I had my eyes on. He did as I asked and made the angel and relinquished control. I established control then started sculpting her to suite my taste a little more, the whole wholesome thing just wasn't doing it for me so I increased her breast size and widened the hips, finally I changed the face to the one I wore in John's dreams but I kept the golden hair and the golden eyes. There was something so incredibly sexy about a 'virtuous angel' radiating pure sin. Yup, this would be my new body.

              By the time I was done John's jaw was on the ground, and it wasn't all shock. It appeared that he liked my handiwork, he was almost drooling. That made me very happy. I gave him my best sexy smile and said,

               "Hello John."