Chapter ninety three

       P.O.V.  change - John(the MC in case you forgot)

           As I stood there, rooted to the ground in shock at the implications of this particular revelation, the angel stepped up to me and stabbed me in the stomach. If I was shocked before now...

                 "Oh stop being a big baby, I needed to retrieve a cluster of nanites I made for my body. I need to see , hear and feel don't I? Look you don't even have a wound , stop being a drama queen."

                  "Jules?"


                  "Yes captain obvious. I mean come on, its not that big of a stretch."  She took out a cube from my stomach then placed it inside of her chest which opened up to accommodate it. She paused for a second and her skin seemed to be moving, afterwards it returned back to normal. Her golden eyes now had silver veins running through them.


               "Wait, what is happening? You have a body now? You're the girl in my dreams?"

        
              "*sigh* ...sometimes I think you are special in more ways than one. Yes, I am the girl in your dream, and if you haven't figured it out by now I sort of like you in the romantic sense so I made this body to be with you."

                   
             "Why did you need the nanites ?"


             "So that I can feel it when I did this," she leaned in to give me a kiss, then she did that trick with her tongue that proved to me beyond a shadow of a doubt that this was the girl from my dream.

       
            "Now , if you don't have any more questions I would like you to check if all the sensors in my skin work, remember you have to be very thorough. Some places may be more sensitive than others." she made her clothes vanish leaving her stark naked. All my questions suddenly disappeared.

           "I'm sure my questions can wait until the morning." then I kissed her pulling her on top of me and falling onto the bed. As she came down she started to retract her wings but I said, "keep the wings."


           She just smiled, "kinky, I like it."


        *          *          *


            The next morning I was laying next to my angel and running my hand through her silky golden hair. Last night was amazing, Jules never got tired and she could manipulate her body in any way she could imagine, and she had quite the imagination. We were in some poses that would make the author of the Kamasutra choke on his own tongue. Aside from that I thought that it would be harder for her to feel things since her sensors was artificial but she seemed to have designed them pretty well. In fact if anything she was very sensitive, and vocal about the fact too.

            "Jules, about those sensors , what do they run on?"

           "Mana."

           "But wouldn't that constantly eat into the very material of your body? Do you want a couple of starters to use as a power source?"

            "You could do that, or you could personally recharge me every day."

            "You know what, I think I'll do both. How far away from me can your body function?"

             "The transmitters have a transmission range of five kilometers thanks to some fancy physics but any further and they stop working so I'm sticking to you like glue from now on."

              "I don't think I'll mind that very much. Now I think its time to get up and take care of Norway."

             She used one of her wings to slowly lift the sheet from her body , baring her beautiful body that was softly glowing."Are you sure?"

             "Fine, in two hours it will be time to get up and take care of Norway.....better make that three."


         *            *           *


             It was four hours later in Norway.

             My demon armor looked menacing as it floated up high in the sky. All the houses on the ground were lighting up , not in mana sight but visible bright light. Then the lights all went down into the ground and activated a giant circle with giant symbols that was as big as the whole of Oslo , even though it wasn't as big as it used to be it was still a large city so it was a gigantic circle. The circles center was a bell tower whose tip started to shine as all the power in the circle was concentrated into it. Then it shot a bright beam of light towards my demon armor.

          As expected of the combined effort of all the witches in Oslo, it went right through the demon armor then completely obliterated it.


         Thankfully I wasn't in the demon armor, or even in the sky. I was safely on the ground watching the light show. As for what I was wearing, I was in something a million times more horrifying than the demon armor. Jules, who looked much more mundane without her wings or divine glow, turned to me with an evil smile and said,

          
            "You look so cute in a dress."








            

           