Chapter ninety four

          The plan was simple.

           It was predicated on the assumption that close knit communities have a tendency to come together when they are scared. If I could make them panic enough to adopt a heard mentality and gather in one place ,I wouldn't have to go around brainwashing each and every hag in this city, I could get them all at once.


          The first order of business was entering the city, which is pretty simple when you can teleport, but I wasn't barging in like last time. This time I was going to be in disguise and even have a distraction. Thankfully I wasn't one of those 'Arnold Schwarzenegger' kind of buff guy, my figure was more of the swimmers build instead of exaggerated muscle which meant that I could make a good disguise to cover myself. A little illusion magic later , I was now a beautiful red head in a green dress who was only slightly larger than normal. Jules simply retracted her wings, changed her golden eyes and hair to a more normal brown color and stopped her divine aura so that she wasn't shining anymore. The hardest thing she had to do was contain her mirth after seeing my first attempts to look like a woman , for some reason I had a feeling she wasn't trying very hard.


              We teleported to a secluded shadow behind a building then walked out onto the streets to see if anybody reacted negatively to us. Everybody was very pleasant and respectful as they greeted us with no suspicion at all, so the disguise was a smashing success, now on to phase two. I made my demon armor appear in the sky with a lot of fanfare and exaggerated lights behind it to draw the attention of anybody watching. I wanted to make the entire city believe that they were in a crisis.

              I expected the residents to be a little spooked after what happened to the witch that captured me and the whole house demolition thing afterwards and I wasn't wrong, there was an immediate response to the flying demon armor. All the houses fed a giant circle of magic that focused its power on a bell tower that then shot and destroyed the demon armor. That was when Jules made her millionth joke about my dress.

             "You know I love you Jules , and you should know that what I am about to say now comes from a place of love, please for the love of God, shut the hell up......*sigh*..... What am I saying? You're still you, you can't shut up. OK how about this let's make this a game, instead of making lame jokes you can give me a name of a mythological creature you would like me to create and I'll create it to terrify Oslo, deal?"

         
             "Fine, but you have to promise that you will create whatever creature I say, if you do that I will even agree to make no more 'you're a girl' jokes."


             I eagerly accepted her proposal, but I should have carefully listened to the way she had worded it. 


             What followed was a procession of giant creatures , things that these people have never seen before. Every time one would be defeated Jules would call out something else and I would comply. I watched in horror as the twisted imagination of my lovely angel started to decimate the once flawless city.

             My original plan was to attack the city using a variety of mythical creatures, but with the new deal I had accepted Jules had freedom to choose whatever she wanted and she made me do some very disturbing things. So for the next three hours Oslo was attacked by things like Hello Kitty and the Teletubbies. But hey, at least she wasn't making fun of me anymore as she was too busy having fun watching as TinkyWinky toppled over another building.

                After the last Teletubby was defeated by another giant beam of light, I thought that it would be enough for now. There were several destroyed areas around the city and I was sure that I had killed a few innocents as well as witches on my little rampage, but somehow I didn't really care. It was a real struggle to not simply burn the whole goddamn city to the ground. This wasn't about the city though, it was about me. Would I like the person I would become if I crossed that line? Would I be any better than these monsters? I didn't know, and I didn't want to find out.

                   All I can say was that it felt good to vent out some of my frustration.

                
                  After waiting for an hour and a half, the bell in the bell tower started to ring. All the women started to leave their houses ,which they had hurriedly gotten into when the demon appeared, and started moving towards a very large meeting hall next to the bell tower.

          
             It appears my gamble had paid off.

                    

            

       
              