Chapter ninety five

         
               When I got closer to the to the great white building with the bell tower, I started to make out more and more details about it. It was a very large marble structure , well built and well maintained. In front of its large gates was the giant statue of a woman releasing a dove. The building itself looked like a church but where you would usually find crosses there were pentagrams.

         
              It was a church of St Sofia.


              As I went through the giant oak doors along with the crowd of witches, I started to wonder if this was the way things were all over Europe . The church ,which seemed to be synonymous with the sisterhood that ruled Europe ,obviously knew about and condoned what was happening in Norway. Who is to say they were not doing the same thing anywhere else?

              I followed Jules to some pews in the back of the incredibly large church and sat down. Once the church was full, a woman in the normal white garb of a priestess of the St Sophia church walked onto the raised platform and spoke in a magically magnified voice,

                    "Children, before we speak of the evils that have befallen us this day let us pray to our patron and give thanks for protection and healing."

                Everybody knelt down to pray, and I thought this was a good time as any and using a combination of telekinesis and super speed I removed everything that they had on them, including their underwear. You might think I was being a little paranoid but I wasn't taking any chances after last time(and it was a good thing I didn't , I later found out that there were enchantments hidden cleverly in panties and bras). After taking all their enchantments and clothing I encased the naked and confused women in foam. The only person in the room who wasn't a hearth witch was the priestess and  I knocked her out with a baton from behind, I was going to have a private conversation with her later.

                 Once I had everything under control I walked up to the stage shedding my disguise as I went and made all the helpless women look up towards me, I then took out the brooch and activated it. Instantly all their attention was focused on the brooch.

                "You will now listen to a set of rules, you are going to listen to them and follow them to the letter. Number one, men are no longer your slaves, you will not order them or force them to do anything ever again, you are to treat them with the same respect you give each other. If you own slaves you shall equally share your wealth with that slave and help him in any way to gain his own life. Make it clear that he is now the master of his own destiny. If he chooses to leave, you can no longer stop him. If he stays make sure his life is as comfortable as possible, you aren't his slave but be nice to him. Number two , magic does not make you special or entitled, it gives you a responsibility to help any less talented people in your community. Only use offensive magic or any other magic that can cause any type of harm for self defense and do not ever use any mind bending or mind altering magic. Number three, you shall drill these principles into each of your children and make them take a vow saying that they will follow them. "


                   When I was sure that the suggestion had stuck inside each and every one of them I told them to go out and bring any stragglers that haven't come to the church, there were sixteen of them and I did the same thing to them. When I was done I took the priestess to a back room , restrained her and slapped her awake. 

        
                 When she woke up the first thing she saw was the brooch," From now on you are going to speak the truth while speaking to me, you will not be hostile but friendly, when our conversation ends you will forget that we were ever here, just answer this question, is the church aware of any other locations similar to Oslo where men are slaves?"

          
                "No , Oslo is special. Men are treated as inferior in most of Europe , but they are afforded basic rights. The church thought that what was happening in Oslo was wrong but didn't think it was worth provoking them over such a trivial matter."

               
              That was a relief, the thought of doing this again and again was exhausting. The men might be discriminated against but I wasn't a civil rights activist, I'll help when I can but I wasn't going to make it my life goal, call me selfish but I had other things on my plate.

           
              It was time to go to Germany.

                 
                    
              

       
          