Chapter ninety seven


              The trip to Berlin would take nearly three weeks while going with Ansell and the ravagers, but I didn't want to go through unfamiliar terrain , especially one that was an active warzone ,alone. Every day we would make long treks through rough terrain , avoiding known strongholds of the church and staying in towns that were controlled by the resistance. Ansell and his men were a boisterous bunch, always playing around and telling stories while taking a sip from their flasks of what I was sure was not water. The days were long dusty and tiring , just walking all day long.

              Night was a very different experience. 


             *         *       *

              The first night I teleported to new hope with Jules to talk to Sarah. 

            I was petrified thinking about how she would react, but after thinking about it, I cared about Sarah too much to lie to her. The one night that I hoped she would be busy , when I asked for Sarah I was told that she was in the bedroom. Taking a deep breath I went to her room closely followed by Jules .

            When I opened the door ,  Sarah was laying on the bed in skimpy lingerie. She propped herself up , gave me a bright smile and said,

        
              "Hello John, I'm so sorry for being so busy all the time, but now that all the treaties have been signed and regional governments properly set, I have a lot of free time to make it up to you."


                I wanted to close the door behind me and pretend that nothing was wrong , I wanted to do that so freaking bad, but I couldn't do that . I came here for a reason and I wasn't going to chicken out.

        
                "Sarah, there is something important I need to talk to you about."

                "What's wrong John? Who is the glowing winged woman behind you?"

                "Her name is Jules, she is kind of the reason I wanted to talk to you about. I have been seeing her for a long time now, and I plan on continuing to see her. There are also two other women in my own world that I am interested in."

                 "So what? Are you leaving me?"

                "No, I just wanted to inform you. Why aren't you upset?"

               "John, you don't even spend most of your time in this world, I sort of already assumed you were seeing a couple of women, I was going to even suggest you have a couple of concubines here to satisfy you when I am busy."

               "Wait, you're okay with me cheating, even though I expect you to be faithful to me?"

               "John, you've already given me everything I could have ever wanted, I am not going to ask for anything more as long as you don't neglect me."

                That night I thought I might lose Sarah, instead I had my very first ménage à trois . I got to be with my silver princess and angel vixen at the same time. That was a good night.

                       *           *          *

           The second night was much less stressful. I teleported to Steelbender castle and had dinner with Lidia and Bella . Instead of passively receiving their attention I actively flirted with them, kissing their necks, brushing my hand against their thighs and finally giving them both deep French kisses before telling them goodnight.

       
           That night I 'forgot' to lock my door and just like I expected the two girls snuck into my room.

           
          When they saw Jules they sort of freaked out, but I told them that she wasn't an angel but she just looked similar. I knew they wouldn't understand what she was completely so I told them she was from a different world. Afterwards they started talking among themselves and in fifteen minutes they were squealing and giggling like they had known each other for years.

            
          Jules finally suggested that we all play some racy games to have some fun, after two rounds of strip poker all games were forgotten as another form of fun started.

           That was the first night I had a foursome, it was a good night.

      
           *           *            *

           The third night I decided not to visit any of my girlfriends, I needed to get some sleep.

            We had just gotten into the town that was the third stop in our journey. We went into the inn and Jules said she was going upstairs to checkout our room. I ate dinner with Ace and his boys, afterwards I went upstairs to get some much needed rest, but I had not counted on finding one of my favorite anime characters with her voluptuous body, fox ears, and bushy red tail waiting for me naked on my bed.

             All thoughts of sleep fled from my mind as my eyes feasted on the magnificent sight, that night Jules showed me yet another reason why it was good to be with a shape shifter. 

       
              It was also a very good night.