Chapter one


      As the door was slowly being pried open I was finally able to hear what the voices on the other side were saying.

   "Hey what do you think is in there, I mean the whole thing is made out of orichalcum six inches thick, that alone is worth thousands of gold coins." Male voice 1.

   "Don't let your greed make you stupid, you should be asking yourself what needs a prison that thick to keep it in. I'm not sure this is a good idea. Maybe we should leave whatever is in there alone." Female voice 1.

   "You are an adventurer aren't you, be adventurous for once . Jeez its not like this is the first grave we've ever opened." female voice 2.

  "Shit ,look there are those green things with weird patterns on them. Guys I think this is a heretic relic." The straining voice of the man opening the door.

  " Are you serious ? A heretic relic made of pure orichalcum, fuck thousands of coins, we are getting millions on the black market, woo hoo we're rich, we're rich." Giddy voice of male voice 1.

   "Thomas are you crazy? We should hand this over to the church immediately !" Female voice 1.

    "No Lidia, he has a point. Imagine what you can do with that kind of money. I know you are a priestess ,but you have been having trouble at the orphanage right? With that kind of money you don't have to see the children go to bed hungry ever again. You wouldn't have to turn away children because you simply have no room left in that pest ridden disease infested crummy old building. You could help every orphan in the borrow with that kind of money." Female voice 2.

    "Why are we even arguing about this, we are in a party , let's vote on it after i have opened this damn door." Male voice two.

     Slowly the door was pried from its hinges.

     What came into view was the shocked faces of four people strait out of a fantasy game poster. There was a blond woman wearing a white dress with a golden pentagram stitched on the front, from what I heard I guess this was the priestess Lidia. The second girl standing right next to her had a recurved bow across her back with strange inscriptions on it, for some reason she was dressed like a biker chick with a leather jacket and jeans shorts , next to her was a shifty looking guy wearing dark pants a dark shirt and a dark trenchcoat ,stuffed in his belt you can see multiple small knives and what seems to be a blow dart, lastly was the burly man who pried the heavy door open and he seemed to be wearing a full suit of armor with more of those weird symbols inscribed on them. The strange thing was that all the symbols including the pentagram were glowing. For what seemed like an eternity I stared at the ridiculous scene in front of me trying to comprehend what I was seeing , and they stared right back at me equally in disbelief .

    The deadlock was broken when the man in black ( I'm assuming its Thomas) screeched "UNDEAD!"  and then seemed to fade into the darkness.

     The burly man seemed to wake up and shouted, "Lidia purify the fucker, we'll cover you." An ornamental looking war hammer appeared in his hands out of thin air and he stood between me and Lidia(I'm pretty sure that's her name at this point)

      "Why the fuck isn't he attacking?" The biker chick was pointing an arrow in my direction.

      " I don't know, but don't draw aggro to yourself, let Lidia do her thing. Don't fucking shoot that arrow." Burly guy

     "Language!" I was so shocked that I said the first thing that came into my mind. This time I was sure I heard giggling .

    "Leo , did that undead just complain about our cursing?" The biker chick was staring at me as if she was doubting her very sanity.

    As the biker chick was trying to decide weather she was hallucinating or not the priestess finally finished her lengthy chant  ".......the light of saint Sofia guide us through the darkness <<purify>>" and twin beams of light from her outstretched arms converged on my chest. I felt a warmth for a few seconds and then nothing. The expectant looks on their faces turned into shock then quickly morphed into horror, all of them started to quickly back away as if seeing the scariest thing that they have ever seen in their lives.

  Trying to diffuse the situation I scraped the bottom of the empty barrel that was my non existent social skills and said ,"Um.........hello my name is john, who are you people?" This time I heard full blown hysterical laughter in my head. Well what did you expect? The only human contact I have ever had in my entire life were nannies, a few lawyers, my doctor, and some mi7 agents. I'm not exactly used to meeting new people and starting friendly conversations not to mention the fact that the people I'm supposed to be befriending belong in a Tolkien book or comic-con , and the only person who didn't think I was undead was a female A.I. living in my brain currently suffering from debilitating laughter.
   

     For some reason I had a feeling this was going to be a long day.
   
    



   
