    Chapter fifteen 

        After I put an order for a shit ton of wire at Walter's place, I started to think about making some of the things I have been toying around in my head. They say idle hands do the devil's work, with the shop closed and everything else on hold until Walter finished making the wire my hands were certainly idle.

          The first weapon I made was just as a proof of concept. My idea was simple , connecting more then three runes is impossible for me at this point, but couldn't I make something with multiple separate stages to compensate for that? So I carefully made a barrel , to contain the different stages of the weapon. Then I enchanted five pieces of glass with 'light' , 'focus' , and pentagram runes ( a.n. its been omitted so far but an enchantment without a pentagram or similar runes would need someone skilled in external mana manipulation to use, on the other hand an enchantment with a pentagram is always active.) . Then I enchanted another five pieces with the 'light' , 'amplify' , and pentagram runes. The last piece of glass I enchanted with the 'one way' , 'light' , and pentagram combo. The final pieces of the weapon were a piece of metal enchanted with 'emit' and 'light' , a starting pin( remember the stones with the three pentagrams and a piece of orichalcum)   and a spring loaded trigger. Finally I went into a completely dark room and with the help of Jules assembled the whole thing together. What I made was the L.E.G. , the laser emitting gun.  

          The way it worked was actually pretty simple, when you pull the trigger the pin hits the light emitter then the light is repeatedly amplified and focused until what comes out the end is a very concentrated and thus very dangerous beam of light. The tip of the gun is sealed with the 'one way' piece to prevent the same thing from happening backwards and burning my face off. And the best part about it was that from what I have seen so far most magical defenses focus on things like magic and impact meaning the L.E.G. was absolutely lethal to almost anything. 

           After a series of tests in the safe room, I was more than impressed with its performance. It went through an inch thick piece of enchanted steel  like it was butter. With Jules showing me the trajectory of my shots I didn't ever miss. The barrel was enchanted to be cool so it didn't ever heat up. 

         Plus the pure awesomeness of having a freaking laser.

        " You just had a nerd-gasm didn't you."

        "Yes , yes I did Jules."

        "That was supposed to be an offensive comment you know."

         "I don't think there is anything you can say right now that could offend me right now."

          "Are you really that happy right now?"

          "Jules I just made a freaking laser gun, this could be the single happiest moment in my life. Now let's do shoot things *cough* I mean check the operational parameters of the gun."
