Chapter twenty

     P.O.V. change - John ( the M.C.)

     What a mess.

     All my plans to lay low and develop my arsenal before confronting the church, gone just like that.

      My actions were bound to have massive consequences, but I didn't believe in leaving enemies who tried to kill you alive to come back and try again later and now I was in a room with seven headless bodies and a terrified woman. Now comes the hard part.

         "Alright Lidia , the toxins that are paralyzing you right now will wear off in a couple of minutes , until then just listen. First of all I want you to know that I'm not going to hurt you. The only reason I killed these people was because, as you saw, they tried to kill me first. I don't want to sound juvenile, but they started it and I didn't really have a choice. It was either me or them and I chose me. Now, the way I see it your options are very limited. Your in a locked room with seven corpses and me with no witnesses to verify who's guilty or innocent. When I escape, and believe me I'm going to escape, they will have nobody to blame but you. So right now you're in a pretty crappy situation , I can give you two options. You can rely on humanity's general good nature and the good will of the people out there and choose choice number one, which is hoping the people out there are going to listen to what you say and not simply burn you at the stakes or hang you right off the bat. The second option is swearing a vow to never betray me and coming with me on my wacky crazy adventure, I would do my best to protect you and as you saw my best is pretty damn good. If you hold a grudge about your mother , you can always go back to option one but from what I have seen I didn't sense a lot of familial love between you two. So think about it, no pressure. You should be getting some feeling back in your body right about now so make a decision and you can tell me after I check that the coast is clear."
   

        I peeked out the door to check if there was anyone there but the hallway was deserted, apparently they didn't want anyone to interrupt their little torture session.

        When I came back I found Lidia huddled in her chair lightly sobbing.

        "Look I know this is hard on you but I need you to make a decision. I'm about to leave the mansion, are you coming or are you  staying?"

          At first her voice was so low and broken up by sobs that I couldn't understand her response so I had to lean towards her to hear, and she surprised me by holding on to me and breaking down muttering the same thing again and again.

        "Don't leave me....just don't leave me ...please don't leave me."

      I gathered she chose choice number two , so I picked her up in a princess carry ,then walked right out the front door. The only time I was stopped was at the gates

         "Hey, where are you going? The party ain't over yet."

         "Well its over for me, as you can see my girlfriend had a little too much of the refreshments and now I have to carry her home. You know how it is."

        "Yes sir, that I do. You can go right ahead and good luck with your girlfriend."

        I carried Lidia all the way to my house and laid her down on my bed. Before we left the city for good there was one last thing I needed to do .


        I had a summoning to perform.

