 Chapter twenty one

       The shakes hit me right after I made it into the basement.

      I sat down gingerly on the cold hard floor in the dark room, and put my head between my knees. I have never been in a fight before let alone kill people. Is this who I was , a coldblooded killer?

     "I'm sorry john , I had to do it. You've never dealt with people like this before.You've never had to be ruthless. You've never had to kill anyone. You would have hesitated and they would have killed you, I didn't have a choice!"

      I forced down a wave of nausea, and focused on breathing evenly.

    "Jules, I don't understand . What are you saying? What did you do ?"

     " I suppressed your emotional reactions until now so that you could make calm and calculated decisions, and it worked. You made all the right decisions."

        "Are you saying you turned me into a psychopath ?"
     
       " NO!..... alright ,maybe just a little."

       The nausea passed, leaving me weak and tired, but then a strange thing happened. I started to giggle, slowly at first but then gradually it turned into a full fledged belly laugh. I had known on some level that I would probably have to take a life to survive in this world, but that was hypothetical. She was right , I would have hesitated, and in that situation I would probably have been killed.

       "...  a little she says...I turned you into a psychopath, but only a little... God I love you Jules did I ever tell you that?"

       
       "Are you alright John? This wasn't exactly the reaction I was expecting. I expected anger , maybe betrayal, accusations about betrayal of trust , not a confession of love. I had a whole speech prepared and everything."

        At this point I was flat on the floor, laughing so hard that it hurt my stomach.

     "Why would I be mad at you Jules , you did what you always do. You saved me yet again. "

       I slowly got back up and I felt much better and back to my original self, so I got back to the important things I had to do tonight. I had locked and enchanted the door to the room with the bodies to be impossible to open by normal means , so that gave me a little time to finish making preparations for my departure and make arrangements for the orphanage.

       "Oh. Well don't think that this means I forgot about your little sob story about being cursed to be too handsome. I haven't said anything until now because I thought you were upset , but if you are going to be all cool about it I'm going to tease the hell out of you for that."

       "I wouldn't have it any other way Jules."

        


       