Chapter twenty three

Unknown P.O.V.

         I woke up feeling something I haven't felt in almost four thousand years.

         I carefully extracted myself from the tangle of bodies and looked back at my bed to see the magnificent view of forty two naked young women lying before me, but I had no time to indulge my lust, I had felt something that I thought was lost to me forever.

          I left my room and climbed to the highest place in the obsidian castle that I call home, the observatory. There I gazed out at the wide open grasslands and the forests beyond.

          I was a little tired climbing up all those stairs , so I was panting lightly. I once again lamented my poor choice in bodies. I was lost in the underworld for so long that when I felt someone trying to summon me that I desperately grabbed the connection and forced the summoner out and took over his body. By the time I realized he was a frail 80 year old Abyssinian witchdoctor with delusions of grandeur it was too late.

        He was such a poor receptacle for my powerful soul that pieces of me were completely lost. To my regret I lost most of my more advanced sealing and summoning techniques. When I tried to take over my old home I was firmly repulsed by a person who calls himself  the Rabbi and used kabbalistic magic.

        I took my anger and frustration out on Africa and conquered all the nations one by one, but I always regretted not having my motherland but I just didn't have enough power to do anything about it .

         But now it was different, someone was able to summon one of my demons. Although I had lost the powers to summon any of the higher demons, they were still bound to me by the seal I put over each and every one of their hearts, that's why when I felt one of my higher demons enter this realm I was very excited. A few minutes later I felt the presence disappear , but then a different demon was summoned.

          Two higher demons in one night? I was almost salivating in anticipation. No matter what I have to find this new power and make it mine.

           With it  I could finally have my legions of demons again, then the world will remember to fear the name Solomon.
