Chapter twenty four

  Main character P.O.V.

         According to the bio that Jules gave me Gusion was a duke of hell that specialized in answering any question that a summoner can ask.

        I was sorely tempted to ask Gusion about my future, but I've read enough stories to know that that would be a terrible idea so instead I asked him the questions that I originally planned to ask him, but before I even said a word he started speaking again.

         "The witches found you because you were using unorthodox means to control mana, they have a scrying pool set up to detect such occurrences, afterwards they could detect you if you got close enough to them using sympathetic magic. The ball was a trap from the beginning to get all suspicious individuals in one place for the high priestess to check. The best way to block any type of searching or detection magic is this rune."

        Floating above his palm was a jagged looking red rune.

         He had answered all my questions, so I just started the banishing part of the ritual.
        
        " It was truly a pleasure, uncrowned king." And then he vanished in a puff of smoke.

      The second demon I summoned wasn't nearly as accommodating, his name was Bathym and he showed up looking like a man with no hair on his body , and musculature that makes you think he was either doing drugs or was a cartoon character and to top it off he had a tail that was a living snake. The first thing he did was try to escape the circle, followed by all type of threats and bargains . Eventually , the circle wore his will down until he was kneeling down at the center, sweating profusely.

        "What do you want ?"

         "I want the secret to teleportation."

         "Fine whatever."

      Suddenly a stream of information entered my mind and I suddenly just knew how to convert mass into mana for a few moments and travel through the ether.

         "Are we done now?"

      I had nothing more to say to the sullen demon , so I banished him back were he came from.

       By the time I was done with my demon summoning shenanigans the sky outside was starting to get lighter, so I hurried over to Walt's shop. The store wasn't open but since he lived in a flat above his shop he answered the door when I knocked.

        He pulled me to the room at the back of the shop and handed me a steaming hot cup of coffee, which was like ambrosia to my sleep deprived self.

        "Walt, I need to ask you a big favor."

         "Whatever you need John. "

         "Me and Lidia are going out of town soon so could you employ someone you trust to look after the orphanage,  and as payment you can have this."

         I dumped a whole door of orichalcum on the floor.

        He just stood there frozen, looking at the door in disbelief,

        "You know you don't have to do this John, I would've taken care of the kids anyways."

         "That's why I wanted you to have it Walt. Pretty soon your going to hear some bad things about me, some of them are even going to be true and afterwards you may no longer want to be my friend, but you have been one of the only true friends I've had in my entire life and if we are never going to meet again I wanted to give you something so big that you won't have a choice but to remember me. Goodbye Walt , and say hi to the kids for me."

        I put down the mug, and walked quickly out of the shop , leaving a frozen Walt behind.

     
      I went back home and stored everything in the house, including  the furniture inside my ring and finally went to wake Lidia up.

      "Wake up Lidia , its time to go."

     It took a while for her to finally wake up but the first thing she did was ask about the orphanage, I told her about my conversation with Walt and she seemed mollified , she seemed to really trust Walter . After I got her out of the house I canceled all the active enchantments in the house and sealed the second basement. Afterwards I enchanted the weaker parts of the basement roof  with 'slow' and 'break' then I quickly left to the front yard where Lidia was waiting. I grabbed her hand , she seemed surprised but didn't ask me to let go.

     "Where are we going to go?"

     Teleporting through the ether was very tricky. The process itself was simple and straightforward but it took a lot of concentration to do it. But the most dangerous part was that you could get lost in the ether , that's why you need some kind of connection with the place you are going to act as anchor. In fact one of the only safe ways to teleport is to go to somewhere you've already been, that narrowed my choices considerably. I've only been to two places outside of England my whole life , one of them was Oslo but I didn't think Europe would be very safe for me right now so that left....

        "We're going to Montreal."

     The last thing we saw before leaving was the house starting to collapse in on itself, then there was a flash of light and we were gone.
