Chapter twenty five

     Flying through the ether is a very strange experience. Everything is passing by incredibly fast so you can't really see anything. But you do catch glimpses of things from the corner of your eye. Fantastic monsters, beautiful angels, and impossible scenery. Just like a snowflake you just caught, the images turn immaterial and disappear when you try to take a second look. I was amazed, excited, euphoric, and terrified at the same time, I could only imagine how Lidia was feeling.

       Our flight seemed to come to an abrupt halt when we seem to run into something solid in this ephemeral world. We bounced off the glass like material and immediately materialized into the real world.

        It seems what we ran into was a dome of glowing blue energy protecting a rather large and beautiful city. The city had many large buildings with unique and beautiful architecture, ranging from greeko-roman marble columns to modern looking glass skyscrapers. Combined with the abundant magical lighting of many hues and colors it was a very enchanting sight, unfortunately we didn't get much time to enjoy the scenery.

           We seemed to have materialized right between two armies that were getting ready to face off. On one side, inside of the barrier, dressed in golden armor that was sparkling in the sunlight were an orderly group of knights on horses and lines of infantry. On the other side were their direct opposites, an army of terrifying looking demons and horrifying abominations arranged in total chaos with no rhyme or reason. Everyone on the battlefield was staring at us, the two people who just appeared out of thin air.

         One of the demons suddenly seemed to realize that there were two unprotected people outside of the barrier and charged at us with a double headed axe the size of my whole body raised above his head. I obviously couldn't let him finish his charge and split us in two, so I took out my laser and shot his head off. For a moment there was complete silence on the battlefield as the giant headless body of the demon first fell to its knees then flat forward.

          Then there was a great outcry from the demon army. Magic started flying my way, but I was already prepared with tollo in my left hand, and negated everything that came close to hitting me or Lidia. My right hand had my LEG that was spewing a constant stream of death. The demons tried to make it close enough to land a hit on me, but the bodies of their own comrades was forming a wall around me and finally their moral broke and they ran away. I tried to kill as many as possible, but most of them got away.

         After I finished up I turned around to see if anyone would let us in, I saw an army of people with their mouths open and eyes popping out in astonishment.

        Not quite the low key entrance that I wanted.

      
