Chapter twenty six
  P.O.V, change - Captain Truman

       The same thought kept going through my mind. I was going to die.

        We were tricked by such a simple ruse, the oldest trick in the book. Our enemy sent monsters to more than two hundred different locations. We thought it was a coordinated assault. It wasn't. 

         It was a distraction.

         Our military strength was heavily dependent on magic. Most of the time we don't even get to see battle, the mage council simply goes out and fixes everything with a wave of their hands. Throughout the years our forces have become less and less trained and more and more ceremonial. Now all the armed forces do is handle local disputes and go on parades. But our enemy was cunning, almost all the battle mages were deployed to fight monsters elsewhere, so now they sent their true forces here which was their objective all along.

         As I stood there in front of my unit in their flashy golden armor, standing in a perfect parade stop, I didn't feel pride or confidence, I felt fear.

         The only thing keeping the enemy out of our beautiful city was the great barrier that was erected by the original mage council, but without enough mages to maintain it the great barrier had a limited power to stop the enemy. It might last a few hours under sustained magical assault, but that was it.

           We had already messaged all the members of the council about the enemies fiendish plot, but the closest one was more than two days away. By the time any of them got here all they are going to find is a smoldering ruin where Montreal used to be.

          The situation took a strange turn when two people suddenly appeared out of thin air outside of the barrier. One was a beautiful blond woman wearing what appeared to be a small black dress more appropriate for a party than a battlefield, the other person with her was a man wearing a cowl that covered his face.

           One of the demons thinking he found two easy targets charged at the strange duo, but then there was a flash of light and his head was suddenly gone. The enraged demon army then launched a full scale attack on the duo. What followed was a one sided slaughter of the demon army. None of their magic seemed to be able to hit the two, none of their melee attackers seemed able to get close enough to land a hit. Finally the army of demons that I thought was my and this cities doom was forced to retreat before the might of the mysterious man.

          After making sure the demons had all ran away the man turned around and looked at us. I was wondering if he was going to turn on us next and slaughter us too when something more ridiculous happened.

        He started knocking politely on the barrier.
