      Chapter twenty seven

          Main character P.O.V.

              
         A few moments of silence later what seemed like the leader of the golden army walked towards us alone.

         The person was wearing the same golden armor , but had extra symbols painted in black that I assume marked the person as some sort of officer.

         He walked with an almost supernatural grace. He had an almost slinking gait that looked weirdly natural on him. When he got to the barrier he passed right through like there was nothing there. Then he stood in front of me and saluted smartly.

    
       "Greetings sir, I am Captain Truman of the Northern Golden legion . Who do I have to thank for removing the vile demons from our doorstep?"

        The voice was surprisingly feminine with an almost raspy edge. When the helmet he wore came off I saw the captain I thought was a he was actually a she, and that wasn't even the most surprising bit. She was a very attractive woman with beautiful bronze skin and raven black hair falling down to her back when it was freed from the helmet. The most surprising part were the two cat ears that were sticking from the top of her head.

         I've read that Montreal was the capital for the free federation of north America and as such was a melting pot of different races and cultures . But I didn't expect to find one of the beast men , or in this case woman, of the amazon here. From what I read she had all the characteristics of the panther tribe except the tail which she could easily be hiding .But reading about something and seeing it were completely different things, so I was frozen in shock for a second and she started to look a little uncomfortable.

        ".........um, is there something wrong, sir?"

        "Oh.... No, everything is fine, you can call me Tom, a wandering enchanter."

        "An enchanter, not a mage ? Was that an enchanted item sir?"

       Her ears actually perked up in interest as she said that.

        "Yes, it is a one of a kind object that my master made for me for protection when he told me to travel the world and get experience."

        "Who is this esteemed master enchanter that could make such a thing?"
  
        "I'm sorry, but I can't tell you that. He is a very private person and doesn't like being disturbed so he made me promise not to tell."

         I could see the glint in her eye slowly dim. My story was constructed to make her think that I could not reproduce the weapon and any attempt to take it by force would invoke the wrath of a powerful master with indeterminate power. Now that I have hopefully crushed any thoughts of getting my laser, I asked her about entering the city.

         "Me and my companion would like to stay in this city for a while, can you please tell me how to enter this barrier?"

        "You need to be given permission by someone of sufficient authority, luckily I can give you that permission. I will guide you through the city personally .Welcome to Montreal sir and thank you again for defeating the demons."

            *    *    *

        The city was beautiful on the inside as it was from the outside. The streets were well maintained and so were the buildings. True to her words the captain patiently showed us around the city. She first showed us the best place to shop, a large mall were I offered to buy Lidia a change of cloth. The timid and scared girl suddenly transformed into a different person right before my eyes and I was dragged from shop to shop. In the end she made me buy clothes worth more than 10 gold. 

            "Captain , I'm feeling a little peckish, can you show us a good place to eat next."

            "Sure, and you don't have to keep calling me that, in private you can call me Clair."
 
           We then went to a nice Italian restaurant where we had pizza for lunch.

             She then led us to what she claimed was the best hotel in town , which was called the emerald palace. It was an oriental looking place were we booked a room with two beds. In the end we just wandered around looking at different places around the city. Our leisurely walk was interrupted by a someone trying to loudly get our attention.

              "Lidia is that you?"

