 Chapter thirty

         The rest of our conversation was much more casual and friendly. As we ate our dinner Cynthia mainly reminisced with Lidia about their childhood shenanigans, of which there seemed to be many . They seemed to have been really close friends, I wonder what happened to drive them apart.
         
          Afterwards both Lydia and I were tired from all the days activities so we said our goodbyes to Cynthia and Clair and went to our hotel room to rest.
       
         That night as I lay on the bed hearing the soft sounds of Lidia's snores I started thinking what my next move should be. I tried to list all the immediate problems and possible actions I should take to remedy them.
         
            First on my to do list was to get a new source of revenue. The money that Walter gave me was actually way over two hundred gold, and my enchantment shop wasn't doing too shabby either before it closed down so it wasn't like I was running out or anything, but with the new expenditures of moving to a new city, things are going to be a little lean for a while. My solution was to open a shop in Montreal, but since this is a metropolitan area I would need permits and things of that nature so I've got to talk to Clair about getting me the needed paperwork.

          Second was to get a place of my own. The hotel was pretty nice and all but I wanted a place that I could put a lab in and do some research in (this time shielded by Gusion's rune) . I also would eventually like a place off the books to lay low in if I got into trouble. When I went to rent a shop, I'm going to have to buy a house too. I could already feel my wallet shiver in fear.

          Third has to do with my abysmal defense. My status as a glass cannon still hasn't changed so I needed to do something about that . But until problem number two is fixed there was nothing I could do about it.

           Fourth is an idea I've been toying with for a while, enchantment implants. While I suck at external mana manipulation, I'm actually pretty decent at circulating mana inside of my body to give myself minor boosts in strength and speed. I was thinking that if I implanted an enchanted item inside of myself I could activate it with my internal mana, so I could be able to sling around a few 'spells' like a real mage. But with almost infinite possibilities I have to carefully decide what I wanted before I start carving myself up.

          Last was my god sight. After my little jaunt across the ether , I was more curious about it than ever so I asked Jules about it.

           "What you've got to understand John, is that the main problem with the god's sight is the overload of information that comes when you look into the ether. Over the years I've only been able to activate the god's sight five times for literally nanoseconds, and that was enough to give me enough information to nearly saturate the part of your brain that contains my memory banks. See ,all the modifications I've been doing to your body during your little nap were all actually quite conservative, I didn't have enough resources to modify your mind to handle the kind of information overload that would happen from using the sight. I've since been under no such restrictions so I've been restructuring your mind to have a severe case of short term memory loss when you use the god sight. I've created a secondary memory storage that acts as a buffer between your mind and the ether. It literally wipes itself clean every half a nanosecond, and everything that you have not consciously decided to remember will be gone before it could clog your mind, but it is still an extremely dangerous skill and I wouldn't recommend using it unless you have to."

        

        I fell asleep thinking about the terrifying potential that god's sight has.