Chapter thirty one

          I was in a diner filled with people, but for some reason if you asked me anything about the people around me I wouldn't be able to tell you a thing.

          I was sitting in a corner booth trying to get the people into focus when a hand landed lightly on my shoulder. Looking up to see whose hand it was ,I was met by a familiar face,

         "So John, you don't call you don't write, you know I could almost believe you didn't want to see me again."

         "You didn't exactly leave me a forwarding address , hell I don't even know your name."

           "Well, don't worry about that. Instead lets talk about having our second date, I think this would be a good place for a second date, don't you agree?"

         She slid into the booth and sat next to me, she was wearing a tight Tommy Hilfiger t-shirt with jeans short shorts that were doing interesting things to her figure. She placed her hand on my thigh looked up at me and gave me a bright smile.

           I swear you could hear the *poof* as all arguments and thoughts vanished from my mind, I simply smiled back and said

          "I missed you."

           "That's more like it John, now let's order."

           I had no idea when the blurry waiter came. I don't even remember what we ate, all I remember was that by the end we were making out fiercely like a couple of horny teenagers. I remember her hot lips and her soft curves. I remember how her body felt as she was pressed up against me, and  I especially remember a particular trick she could do with her tongue.

         

         *        *        *


         I was abruptly woken up by a shrill scream coming from somewhere next to me.

         Apparently Lidia had woken up before me and her curiosity about my face had overridden the warning I gave her about the curse, or she didn't think she would be affected , or maybe she just didn't care anymore, I don't know what she was thinking but she had walked over to my bed and taken off the hood of my cowl. (yes I was wearing a cowl when I slept, I think the reasons why are obvious) and now she was standing over me screaming like a damn banshee that just stubbed its toe.

         I was never a morning person and usually i'm a zombie when I first wake up so when I was woken in this alarming fashion I acted reflexively and took out the only non lethal weapon from my ring , which was a simple low yield generator, and used it.

        "God damn it , &*#*@ %$@# .......!"


       "John, did you just taser Lidia?"


      *       *        *


       I put Lidia down on the bed and waited for her to wake up. When she started to stir I held her mouth so she couldn't scream .

        
         "Alright , calm down. I know how this looks but I promise I won't hurt you unless you force me to. I promise that I'm not undead or a monster . "
     
          For some reason that didn't make the fear in her eyes decrease at all.

         "I'm going to slowly let go now, please don't scream."

        It took her sometime to stop shaking and calm down enough to speak,
         
        "Who....wh-what are you?"

        "My name really is john, John Fairweather, and I am a human but I'm from before the awakening, see I was born with a debilitating disease and..........."

    
           Just like that I told Lidia my whole story. Afterwards I made her swear a vow to never knowingly betray me in any way. She didn't even complain while making the vow, she just seemed happy that she wasn't going to die.

     
         


       
     
          
        

         
