
Chapter thirty two


                I left Lidia in the hotel room to calm down and think about the things she just learned and made my way to the guard barracks to look for Clair. After I found her in her office I told her what I needed and she said she had a friend in the municipal office who could hook me up.
    
               The municipal building looked like something out of ancient Greece ,with a twist. It was made out of marble and granite melded in ways that indicated that it was a work of magic not simple masonry. It had the same dignity of the old Greek buildings but it also had a unique charm like most other buildings in the city. We passed by the alternating black and white giant columns into the wide atrium of the building. Unlike modern municipal offices there was surprisingly little traffic. Clair led me down a hallway labeled 'magic commerce' and to an office with the name tag 'Betty Truman'.

              Inside an older looking woman was sitting behind a desk , doing paper work. 

               "Tom, this is my aunt Betty, aunty this is the 'hero' everyone's been talking about recently."

        Unlike Clair she was a perfectly normal vanilla human, no animal ears or anything. My surprise must have shown on my face because Clair continued speaking,

    
              "Yeah I get that a lot, I'm only half beast man on my mother's side, Betty is my fathers sister."

               "What can I do for you Tom Demonbane ?"

               " Demonbane?"

               "That's what they're calling you now, there are bards that are making songs about you. I have even heard about the possibilities of a play. You are quite famous Mr Tom." there was only a tinge of sarcasm when she said that.

              "You know I like the sound of that, Tom Demonbane. I think I'll keep it. Moving on , I want to start an enchantment business, and I apparently need a permit to practice magic for commercial purposes."

               "That you do. This city is famous for its magic so we have had quite a problem with charlatans trying to make a quick buck with things like fake love potions ,so now we screen all people trying to make a business out of magic to protect the citizens and the good name of the city. For you screening is pretty simple, just enchant something for me."

               I picked up her pen and quickly wrote 'float' on it.(it also has a pentagram but from now on its omitted and unless it is mentioned, assume all of John's enchantments have it.)

               "Well Mr Tom did the enchantment fail?"

               Then I let go of the pen and it staid up in the air, both Clair and Betty sighed in appreciation.

                "That was quite impressive Mr Tom, I can give you your permit right now. Just fill this form."

                After filling out everything and getting my permit, I went shopping for a shop. Instead of going to one of the more posh neighborhoods, I went to a mainstream mall and rented a store with  wide windows, then I went to the closest stationary and made a sign then posted it on the inside of the window of my new store it read,

       Enchantments R us, magic for everyone. 

           

       

      
         
      
