    Chapter thirty seven

       In the end I couldn't resist and I started to hum, I was still humming cheerily when I was met by Michael at the gates of the castle,

         "So how did it go? How much money did you make?"

          "300 gold."

          "Holy shit are you serious? At this rate you'll be the richest guy here in a month. Anyway I'm not greeting you at the gate to ask you how your business is going, you've been summoned by the council and I was given the task of getting you there. "

         He then led me to a carriage that looked like any other on the street,

        "You weren't expecting a fancy gold carriage were you? I don't like that pretentious bullshit, and anyone that says its not proper...well you know what I say to people like that. Now get in , I'll tell you about the council on our way there."

       I got into the carriage and Michael started to explain about the council.

     "It might be called a council but its actually where the four families meet and try to one up each other .The four families are established based on the four elements. They are Serafino for fire that's were Mary's from, Mason for earth that's my old family, Voda for water, and  Ventus for air. The council is divided into two, the high council and the general assembly. The general assembly is rarely called and all the mages of the four families are in it. The high council has nine members two from each family and me. The Serafino brothers, Antonio and Cristian, are both pompous pricks , the only difference between the two is that Antonio is a more powerful prick. Jim Mason and Sandra Mason dear old mom and dad will smile to your face but would gladly sacrifice your soul to a demon if it meant it would benefit them. Anna Voda is a 145 year old lady whose refusal to die has angered many ambitious people in the Voda family. She's a strange bird, she can see things no one else can so watch out for her. Galina Voda likes to use her beauty as a weapon, she wouldn't even hesitate to seduce you to get your secrets. Hell with the way you look she'll probably try to seduce you anyway, but stay clear of that woman, she's pure poison. Her lovers have the nasty habit of disappearing under mysterious circumstances. Alexander and Aria Ventus are twins and and are completely spineless, they always support the side they think is strongest. These are the wonderful people you are going to be meeting tonight so watch your back."

          
             I guess some things never change, in the end magic or no magic politicians will always be politicians.

        *     *     *

         The carriage stopped in front of a building consisting of four smaller towers colored blue,brown,red, and white and in between them was a larger tower that was made up of all four colors and was connected to each tower with giant walkways. We went straight for the biggest tower and because I was with Michael the guards at the door didn't even ask me any questions before letting me in.

           Inside we found what Michael said was the hall of elements, each wall was covered in paintings with one of the elements as a theme. So right wall for fire, left wall for water,the wall behind us for air , and the wall in front for earth. Frankly I thought they were trying too hard and the whole thing was juvenile, but hey I didn't know about their culture so I couldn't really judge.

           Michael and I continued forward until we got to some stairs. I had a sinking feeling that we were going to the very top of the giant tower. I was right. After what felt like an eternity of climbing stairs we finally reached our destination, an ornate golden door. Michael pushed the door open so hard that it rattled on its hinges, then he said,

       "Let's get this shit over with."

      Inside eight people were sitting on seats that were on a raised platform. One of the men in red robes spoke with a voice loaded with sarcasm,

       "I see your wit is as sharp as ever Michael , take a seat so we can start."

       
       Why did I feel like I was being put on trial?

       
       A.n. sorry if the chapter isn't up to par, I'm posting from my brothers birthday party. On a happier note my just turned one :-) 



