Chapter thirty eight

         I tied to match the faces before me to the description that Michael gave me, luckily they were conveniently color coded to make this easier. The two men that were dressed in red robes and were looking down their noses at me as if they were seeing something vastly inferior to themselves must be the fire mages from the Serafino family, Antonio and Cristian. The two next to them wearing brown robes and smiling the same smile I imagine a creepy guy in a trenchcoat would have when he is soliciting a prostitute who he would later murder were the earth mages and Michael's parents, Jim and Sandra Mason. Next to them wearing a blue robe was a really old woman who looked like a kindly grandma and smiled kindly at me, I would have liked her if Jules hadn't just informed me that Gusion's rune had intercepted multiple attempts to look under my cowl and even peek into my surface thoughts. This must be Anna Voda and that must mean the stunningly beautiful woman with the plunging neckline who was licking her lips bewitchingly while looking at me as if I was her next meal must be Galina Voda. That leaves the two people at the end who were wearing white robes and had noncommittal expressions on their faces, must be the air mages Alexander and Aria Ventus. Finally sitting down alone was Michael. They didn't offer me a seat so I just stood there observing them and waiting for them to start.

          The man in the red robe who talked earlier spoke again,

          "I am high adept Antonio Serafino , the people next to me going clockwise are high adapts Cristian, Jim, Sandra, Anna, Galina, Alexander, and Aria. You are the Tom Hilfiger who defeated the army of demons last week?"

         "Yes."

        "According to captain Truman, you used some sort of artifact to achieve this feat , is that true?"

        "Yes."

        "Well we can't leave such a powerful weapon in some apprentice enchanters hands, hand it over."

         Michael suddenly stood up and started to shout, "Are you fucking kidding me , you called the savior of our city to rob him?"

         The old lady Anna just chuckled and said, "Calm down Michael, nobody here agrees with Antonio, it is just his usual bad habit, thinking that he can make unilateral decisions on behalf of the council. The poor boy can keep whatever is his , we won't take anything from him."

         Michael seemed mollified and sat back down. I also relaxed from the alert condition I entered when I heard Antonio's declaration.

           "Are you alright young man?"

           "I'm fine."

         Galina looked at me and licked her lips again and said , "You certainly are Tom, why don't you let me have a peek under your cowl?" , then gave me a slow wink.

        Michael then said, "Please keep it in your pants Galina. Why did you even call him here, he can't tell you any of his grandfather's secrets, he's under a vow."

       Alexander:  "We just wanted to meet the great hero in person and thank him. Now that we've met him he doesn't seem so great."

      Galina: "Oh, I'm sure he is great in all sorts of ways." 

      Michael: "Let me get this straight , you called him all the way here to have a look at him?"

      Jim: "Well he wouldn't take any of our invitations."

   
       Antonio: " If you aren't going to let me confiscate his weapon can we go on to serious matters, Mr Hilfiger can we establish contact with your grandfather ?"

      Me: " Sure, I will ask him when I get back in five years."

     Antonio: "Is there any way to do that before then?"

     Me: " Nope."

     Antonio: " Well that is that, you can show yourself out, the council has actual important work to do."

    So I went out to the hallway and waited for Michael ,after waiting an hour I lost all patience and left a message in his carriage that I went home and teleported from a dark ally directly into my room and fell asleep.

      A.n.  Party is still going strong  :-) 
 