 Chapter thirty nine

          Change in P.O.V. Anna Voda

         This kid is very interesting.

         None of the others noticed but I knew that something was off about him from the moment he walked into the room. For starters I couldn't see under his hood or peek into his thoughts no matter what I did, I have never encountered a concealment spell that was so profound so I was immediately intrigued. This kid wasn't simple .Before I could say anything that proud peacock Antonio started to blather on about how we were going to take the man's weapon because it was too powerful.

         
            Even though I couldn't use my spells to monitor him, over the years I have picked up a few tricks for situations like this. I am of the Voda family, that means I was born attuned to mana of the water type. Over the years I have noticed that simply sensing the water mana around me is not an active spell and wherever there is water , there is water mana. I took this principle and developed a way to sense somebody's blood and slowly perfected how to read a person based on things like blood pressure and heart rate .


              As Antonio made his ridiculous declaration, I felt his heart rate spike and his posture change, it wasn't fear that I was reading. He was getting ready to fight the entire council and didn't show fear. This boy was definitely interesting. I interjected before something could happen, pretending to calm down Michael while in actuality I was calming down the boy. For the rest of the meeting I carefully observed him, and what did I conclude ?

            He was lying.

            He was lying about his name.

            He was also lying about his grandfather, I even doubt he had a grandfather.

         This made him even more interesting because captain Truman said she overheard this information when he was speaking to Blackthorn, and she was trained to ferret out information. That must means he successfully misinformed not only us but also the church. That made him someone clever hiding something important and that made him interesting.

          After Antonio dismissed him, I started to observe him discreetly using a vapor spirit. He seemed to wait for an hour in the hall doing nothing , then went to Michael's carriage to leave a note.

        Afterwards I followed him as he went into a dark alley and saw something impossible .He dissolved into particles of dancing blue lights and vanished.



          .......very interesting indeed.