Chapter forty one


         I woke up feeling like my head had been run over by a jumbo jet.

        My eyesight was blurry, I felt as weak as a new born lamb, and I had a killer headache.

        "Are you finally up sleeping beauty?"

         "Hey Jules, what happened?"

         "I would say what happened was a success, considering it was your first time using the god sight properly, and now I have good information from your little stunt to improve it so that it doesn't always end up with you on the floor."


         "You knew I was going to try to use the god sight?"

         "I put a toy in front of you and told you not to use it, of course you were going to use it. But as they say , you can't make an omelette without breaking a few eggs."

        "But what if I got seriously hurt or died ?"

        "Relax drama queen , I could have stopped the sight anytime I wanted. I have installed various failsafes before you could fry your brain."

        My eyesight was slowly clearing up and I finally got feelings back in my limbs.

        "Jules, how long has it been since I started using the god sight?"

        "Don't worry, its only been a few minutes. You have plenty of time to get home, now do you have the rune you were looking for?"

         "I have it, now I want to try something."

          The rune that links something to intent or simply the 'intent' rune can be used to direct magic, but there was a catch, it doesn't work unless the user himself is supplying the mana so it doesn't work with the pentagram rune.

           I enchanted a small piece of metal with the 'intent' 'push' and 'pull' runes. Since I need to be the one to be the one supplying the mana , I had to imbed the damn thing inside of my palm and that hurt like shit but it healed over pretty quickly so it wasn't that bad.

          I slowly circulated my mana from my core (calling it an appendix by now would be pretty silly,tremble at the power of my appendix just doesn't sound right) then into the metal while imagining a rock in front of me flying off. I felt my mana draining off and the pebble flew off.
       
            Right off the bat I noticed two problems. The process was too slow and needs a lot of focus not only to circulate mana but also operate the enchantment. In the end the only solutions I could find were to practice the internal circulation methods that Jules showed me and repeatedly use the enchantment until it was second nature.

               The second problem was that the mana expenditure was nothing to sneeze at. This problem was slightly more tricky, I had to find a way to somehow augment my mana core. I guess I know what my next project will be.

                After practicing with the enchantment until my mana was depleted, I was able to push,pull, as well as slowly raise the pebble by applying just the right amount of force which was very difficult. In the end I teleported to Montreal and went back home tired but satisfied.


          