Chapter forty two

      I was walking around the vast castle grounds, just relaxing and having a peaceful time for once.

       I rounded a corner and was heading to one of the many gardens in the castle when my peaceful walk turned into unexpected flight when what appeared to be a volcano exploded five meters in front of me. My flight was then cut short by a hard stone wall. As I attempted to get up from the ground what came into my still dizzy sight was a flustered redhead, Isabella.


         "I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to do that. Are you okay?"

         "What in all that is holy were you trying to accomplish Isabella? A few more steps forward and I would have literally been toast."

        "I'm really sorry, I was just practicing and tried to hit a target and I lost control."

         "You mean that target, the one on the other side of the garden? Jesus woman that thing isn't even close."

        Now her expression was going from contrite to depressed, "I know, I was given all this power and I can't even use it properly."

       "Well hold on there, you shouldn't quit just yet . Let's see what the problem is, I might be able to help."

               I grabbed her hand and pulled her to the garden so that I could see her cast. I of course had Tollo handy if anything went wrong.

               She started making a pattern with her mana and everything seemed to be going well but then the power overflowed from her grasp and started to wreak havoc on her pattern. I pointed Tollo and quickly dispelled the mess before it could cause damage. Her problem was that she had so much power that it was like attaching a garden hose to a fire hydrant. I needed a way to make it easier for her to operate the large amounts of mana she generates.

             I took out a normal steel ring from my storage ring and quickly enchanted it with 'clarity' and 'focus'.

           "Here you go, wear this ring and give it another go."

           She slowly took the ring and put it on her ring finger. This time she executed the spell perfectly and a thin precise stream of lava obliterated the target. Note to self, never piss off Isabella .


           "You fixed me.....for two years I have been struggling and you fixed it in ten minutes. Think you! Thank you! Thank you !"


            She suddenly grabbed me in a hug and gave me a kiss on the lips and ran off laughing and jumping and generally celebrating, but I didn't notice.

           I was too busy trying to shake off the effects of my first real life kiss.