Chapter forty four

        As we entered the hall the first thing we noticed was that we were a smidgen late, there was a large table laden with food and almost all the seats around it have been occupied by guests, making us one of the last people to arrive. 

        The guests were an even blend of almost all types of people. There were obviously the mages, all four colors were there representing all four houses. There were soldiers with their golden armor, most of them around Michael laughing at a story he was telling which I suspected was about me because he was pantomiming carrying someone under his armpit. There were also normal looking people some with more luxurious clothing than others. I didn't recognize most of the faces but I did pick out a few familiar ones here and there.

        For some reason the two water mages from the council, Anna Voda and Galina Voda, were both attending. Captain Clair Truman was there looking slightly uncomfortable in the middle of her guffawing comrades. There was also Cynthia Blackthorn who looked dark and mysterious in a violet dress with silver embroidery. Her expression perked up when she saw Lidia, I noticed that the seat next to her was empty and I had a feeling she was saving it for a certain blond so I told Lidia I would catch up with her later and sent her to her old friend.

        Michael finally noticed my presence then got up banged loudly on the table and said,

        "Everybody I would like to introduce the slayer of demons, savior of Montreal, the common mans enchanter,shrewd merchant ,personal friend and now the person who unlocked my daughter's true potential its Tom Demonbane. Tom ,come I saved you a seat next to Isabella. "

       The curious gazes that were on me from the moment I entered turned into looks of shock and astonishment. There was whispering all the way up and down the table.

        "Didn't the Demonbane always wear a cowl?"

          "I always thought that he had some sort of battle scar on his face..."

          "I liked him better when he wasn't a pretty boy."

           "Why the hell has he been hiding that from us, he is so handsome! "

          "I wonder is he seeing anyone?"


           I tried to ignore all the stares and took my designated seat next to Isabella . Then Michael continued to speak,

          "Now that the guest of honor has finally arrived , we can get to the part you have all been waiting for, let's eat!"

         Everybody started to eat ravenously, and it was a testament to the food that there was almost no conversation as everybody was trying to shove as much as they could into their mouths. In the end everybody was sitting back lazily slumped with the warm glow of the well fed radiating from them. This happy scene was interrupted by Michael who shouted,

          "Now get off your lazy backsides and grab a partner , its time to dance."

          As if waiting for his signal an orchestra suddenly entered the room and started playing music. People began pairing off and started to dance. I was going to ask Isabella to dance with me,but she already went off with her baby brother and Lidia was already on the dance floor with Cynthia. I was getting up to go and ask Clair when I was ambushed by Galina Voda.

          Before I could protest she dragged me onto the dancefloor placed my hands deliberately on her hips and snuggled real close. Instead of wearing the usual robe Galina was wearing what appeared to be a single sash of clothing that went behind her neck crossed itself just below her chest managing to somewhat cover her ample assets then wraps around her wide hips barely making it to her thighs. She pressed in real close making her lack of a bra painfully obvious.

           I have been a shutin for most of my life and didn't have much experience with women, most of my 'experience'  being in dreams. I just wasn't used to women like Galina so when she started moving and dancing in very provocative ways in her skimpy outfit I started to slowly turn red. Then Galina started speaking into my ear in soft whispers.

           "Its cute that a handsome guy like you is acting like a virgin, I'll take that as a complement."

            Then she started laughing until she noticed I didn't join her and instead had blushed even harder.

            "Oh no....no way.....your kidding! A man with a face like yours a virgin? Is there something wrong with your equipment?"

            "I've been living in my grandfather's compound most of my life, I didn't exactly have a lot of opportunity."

              "Well you have one now, we can sneak out and take care of it right now."

          I was so tempted to say yes, a really beautiful and sexy woman was asking me to sneak out with her and as any guy would attest its almost impossible to resist such an offer when you are a virgin, but I remembered Michaels warnings. Even then I almost accepted her offer, this woman was a personification of sex and I almost broke under her relentless assault.

       Thankfully at that exact moment the song ended and I quickly extricated myself from her before the next one could begin and made a beeline for the refreshments table, I really needed a drink to cool myself off.

        That night I danced with Isabella, Lidia , Clair , and even Cynthia so that Galina couldn't corner me again.

       When the music finally stopped and everybody started to disperse she grabbed me from behind lightly rubbing her chest against my back and whispered,

          "You might have escaped me tonight , but you can't run away forever. Eventually you will be mine."

         Then she spun on her heels and sashayed out of the room. Leaving me with only one thought in my head.

          I really needed to get laid.

 

            

          