Chapter forty five

          I blocked the darts coming towards my face with a shield then immediately dissolved it. From behind one of the many trees surrounding me I heard a light rustling and sent a disc limned with a monomolecular edge which passed clean through the tree and the assassin behind it. I felt rumbling in the ground and jumped up and landed on a platform that materialized beneath me then rose up a few meters , and just in time too because there was a large earth spike in the space I was occupying previously. I turned to the earth mage who sent the spike and sent another disk which got him squarely on the neck causing him to collapse with blood fountaining  out of his wound. I then turned and erected a barrier to stop the wind blades that were trying to decapitate me, instead of a flat shape I used a more aerodynamic shape to let the wind pass over me rather than to try and stop it cold. When the dust cleared I was surrounded by a group of bulky warriors that were almost upon me. I quickly created a monomolecular whip and spun it around once, all the warriors fell down to the ground, bisected.

          "Is that it for today Jules ?"

       
           The trees and bodies surrounding me slowly dissolved , changing the previously grizzly scene of a forest that was painted red with blood and guts into a peaceful garden with a few scratches and gouges here and there. 

          "Yeah that's it John. You have improved considerably in the last week, your mana circulation is automatic, your use of the enchantment has become second nature. You have mastered using your sharp senses to sense attacks and you've gotten used to your superhuman reflexes. All in all you are a pretty good fighter without your weapons, lots of room for improvement but not half bad."

           "Well I think I did pretty well considering I won and didn't even consume that much mana. I'm pretty tired though so I am going to take a nap."


            I went back to my room after the simulated battle I just had courtesy of Jules and was getting into my pajamas when there was a light knocking on my door then I heard the voice of Isabella on the other side of the door.

          "Tom , my dad wants to talk to you, he's waiting for you in the parlor."

           "Alright Isabella, I'm coming."

            "How many times do I have to tell you, call me Bell or Bella."

            I dressed in my normal cloths and went out were Isabella, or rather Bella now, was waiting for me. She took me to the parlor where Michael was sitting in an overstuffed sofa. Bella and I sat on the couch across from him. He sighed heavily and said,

              "Hey Tom, I am afraid I called you here to tell you some dire news. The council received a message from one of its agents, our enemy is amassing a large army to attack us, they will get here in less than two days."

              "Who is this enemy you speak of, the demons from before? Why do they want to destroy the city so much."

               "They are mages that have been seduced by promises of power and started to make deals with demons, before long they are consumed by their obsession with power and are controlled by the demon they struck a deal with. They call themselves the anarchists, we simply call them demon worshippers. They want to destroy the city because they want to get into the council's vault and retrieve a piece of the obsidian gate. The obsidian gate is believed to be an artifact that can open a gate straight into hell. They think its going to give them unlimited number of troops but we think its a ploy by the demons to conquer the earth. Whatever the case maybe we can't let them have the piece ,so they first tried to trick us a week ago by summoning monsters all over north america so we would all have to go to protect the nation then they tried to attack what they believed to be an unprotected city but you stopped them, now that the subtle approach didn't work they are going for direct assault."


                 "What Intel do you have on the attack?"

                  "Not much, just that there are a lot of them and they will probably come from multiple fronts. I have been tasked with protecting the city from any attacks coming from the south. I called you here to ask you if you'll stand with me and help fight the demons."

                 "Of course Michael, you didn't even have to ask."

                  It seems in two days I'm going to be fighting a giant army of demons. 

                  What does it say about my mental health that I was actually looking forward to it?


A.n. There has been a lot of criticism going around about the story. I appreciate everybody who has been trying to give me constructive criticism. I started this story because I love reading on royal road and wanted to give something back. This is not meant to be a serious book, and for those who are speculating that this is a fiendish plot to ask for money, I'm posting from Ethiopia using my phone so I couldn't ask for money even if I wanted to. 

