Chapter forty six

        The next two days passed quickly as people prepared for the coming invasion. Honestly from what I encountered of the demons so far I didn't think they would be that big of a problem , but Michael was taking it seriously so maybe there was more to them than I thought.

         When the day of the invasion arrived Michael put all the inhabitants of the house in an underground bunker with one of my storage rings stuffed full of food and other necessities just in case something unforseen happened. He tried to get Bella to also go into the bunker but she flat out refused. They had a very loud argument but she was adamant that she was coming with us to help. Michael was very upset but he couldn't hide the gleam of pride in his eyes.

            The three of us , Michael, Isabella, and me, where standing atop a small hill right outside of Montreal . As the sun rose over the horizon an army of tens of thousands of  demons blanketed the land. 

       The one who struck the first blow was Isabella, she pointed her hand and suddenly a section of more than a hundred demons disappeared under a giant stream of magma that exploded beneath their feet. Not to be left behind Michael also pointed his hand and another section disappeared in a forest of very sharp spikes. I just took out my laser and started to fire a constant stream of light into the approaching army.

          Although we were slaughtering them by the hundreds they were still getting closer and closer, finally they got close enough to start being a hindrance, so I started to use my new tricks. I made a monomolecular whip and it started to swim in and out of the demons with almost no hindrance leaving bloody holes behind. I made four more just like it and made them rotate around me then waded into the horde , the five rotating whips went through flesh like butter and left behind nothing more than bloody confetti.

            After three hours of intense battle with me surrounded by my whips, Michael in a veritable fortress of earth and Bella with many concentric rings of magma around her , they finally started to run out of numbers. When the final demon fell I started getting a little suspicious, in the whole battle they didn't use any magic or tactics. It was almost as if they were deliberately throwing their lives away. It just didn't add up. There were enough of them to give us a tough battle but they just came at us in a blind rush. 

              My suspicion grew when I noticed that the blood of the demons was turning to vapor at such a fast pace that it was dying the air red. It slowly rose up to the sky until it started to coagulate and form a giant magic circle. Then the air slowly ripped and out came a 50 meter tall monstrosity. It had the body of a giant muscular man with red skin and a head that looked eerily similar to an angler fish with the empty silver fish eyes ,no nose, and teeth that were so large and spiky that they didn't even fit in his mouth . 

             Even though it had no lips I knew it was smiling. 

            Michael screamed out, "Run , that thing is an Arch fiend, we have absolutely no chance against it. I will try to delay it , you two escape as fast as you can."

            Before we could even react to what he said the fiend leaped forward and grabbed Isabella in a single lightning fast motion. The magma seemed to do no damage to him whatsoever. Michael tried to pelt it with giant boulders but it didn't even notice the attack.

            I was fairly certain that i couldn't defeat that thing with my current strength, so I did the only thing I could do in this situation, I used my trump card and opened my god sight.

            Once I was looking inside the ether I quickly searched for a way to defeat the fiend. 

             In the end it was surprisingly simple, there was a part of the magic circle he was summoned from that was vulnerable to attack.

            This time I didn't pass out after I used god sight, I was just a little disoriented. I quickly took out Tollo took careful aim and fired. The magic circle quickly destabilized and the rift opened again , this time to suck the fiend back in.

            It was being sucked in  but it was still holding onto Isabella so I quickly floated over to the hand holding her and repeatedly whipped it until it let go. Michael then leaped over thirty meters up and caught her.

             Afterwards the fiend was gone and the rift was slowly closing. I sighed in relief and turned around to go to where Michael and Bella were to see if they were alright , when a giant red strip of meat wrapped around my waist. Before I could react I was dragged into the rift just in time to see it close behind me.

           I was now trapped in hell.
