Chapter forty seven


         I slid down a disgusting shoot of mucus and pulsating meat, I had a vague idea of what was going on so I tried to make hooks to hold on to the slippery walls, but before I could orient myself and get a really good hold on the walls I had already arrived in a chamber of pink meat that was filled with a stinking green liquid. Just before hitting what I assumed to be the stomach juice of the fiend , I created a platform beneath me and floated away from it. 

         It seems I now found myself in the stomach of the beast. Although I did not have the power to defeat it from the outside, I'm willing to bet that just like everything else it was much more squishy on the inside. So I made my customary five rotating whips and started going through its stomach lining. I could hear the roaring that came after it noticed that something it ate was not obediently getting digested. I made it through the stomach and outside I found myself in front of a system of organs that made very little sense to me, it seems demons evolved very differently from humans , but at that moment I didn't care about how his organs functioned, all I cared was that they looked important and squishy. I started to shred its organs one by one, he was thrashing around violently and wailing in pain , I just reoriented my platform to make up for the motion of his thrashing around and continued to turn his internal organs into mulch. 

              By the time I destroyed the fifth organ the trashing had stopped and it was very silent. I assumed I had succeeded in killing the damned beast so my next step would be to get out and to accomplish that I dug myself through layers of meat and made my way through bones and sinew .

              When I finally managed to extricate myself out of the giant body I came upon a terrifying sight. I was surrounded by a group of seven fiends that were similar to the one I just came out of, thankfully they seemed to be more interested in the carcass of the dead fiend than me so I decided to take my leave before one of them decided to notice me.

               I flew through the harsh and rocky landscape that had jagged cracks running all around it. Everything was tinted red but i couldn't see the sun, the whole sky was covered with heavy thunder clouds yet it was not raining and it looked like it rarely does. After several hours of flight I spotted what appeared to be a shallow cave. After making sure that it was uninhabited by killing the five wolf like creatures that were inhabiting the cave ,I got inside and sat down on a chair I took out of my storage ring. I needed to think and get myself out of this situation,

          "Jules, what happened? Where am I ?"

           "The fiend seemed to have dragged you into one of the infernal realms."

            "Great, can't I just teleport out of here?"

           "I wouldn't recommend that, you'd probably end up lost in the ether."

             "Why can't I teleport home?"

            "Remember that metaphor I told you about reality being the shadow of the ether made by mana? Well what you have is a way to traverse the ether from one part of the shadow to another. This is another realm, a completely different shadow. If you tried to enter the ether now your perspective would be completely different from when you entered it back on earth and you would not be able to find any of your anchors. What I'm trying to say is that while your teleportation is still functioning you couldn't find your way back to earth."

              "Then what am I supposed to do Jules?"

             "The only thing you can do, survive and hope that you eventually find a way home."