Chapter forty nine

          I was reclining comfortably in a chair while flying hundreds of miles in the air. I had always liked the idea of the invisible plane in the wonder woman comics so I adopted it into my own version, instead of a plane it was a simple tear shaped pod with a reclining chair inside. Since I could control it's motion with my mind I didn't really need the wings or flaps or other bits so in the end it turned into a cockpit with a really comfortable chair inside.

        Once in a while a chimera would decide that I looked juicy and go for me but it would get shredded before it even came close. It really is amazing what you can do with a nearly inexhaustible supply of mana . Anyways after traveling in such a fashion for nearly five hours the chimera attacks became less and less , the landscape started to change from the post apocalyptic look to more average looking desert and finally forests. That made me very happy because there was a good chance that the entire planet could have been a chimera infested hell hole. The cloud cover disappeared and I finally got to see the sun and instead of small and yellow it was large and red and that was what was tinting this world red.

         After another hour of flight the forest started to thin out. At the horizon I could see a large dark shape, it wasn't really clear from this distance so I made a binocular and took a second look.

         What I saw was a large black wall and beyond that buildings made out of the same black rock. I nearly leapt up in joy before I remembered where I was. Buildings meant that there was probably sentient life there, and if there is sentient life that means there might be information, information like how I could get home maybe? Even if that didn't pan out it would be nice to be among people again.

          I didn't want to freak them out or anything so I landed a few meters away and walked the rest of the way to one of the giant gates set in the wall. I was wearing my cowl because I didn't know what the inhabitants looked like. When I approached the gate I was stopped by the sentry guards. They looked human except for their weird colors, one blue and one violet almost black, and the fact that they were both almost three meters tall with bulging muscles.

           "Ante' cofiyahin awlek. Man neh' , min eyaderegeh neaw. "


          I couldn't understand a word that they were saying and apparently Jules couldn't either so it must be a language not spoken back on earth. They were starting to look at me suspiciously so I thought what the hell and tried speaking to them in English.


        " Hello there, nice weather we're having huh?"


       To my surprise the violet one actually replied, "Why are you speaking the summoner's tongue? Who are you and what are you doing in the frontier town of Shewa?"


       I decided to try and bullshit my way out of this predicament.

       "Hello, my name is John and I come from very far away so I don't speak the same language as you, so I tried to use the summoner's tongue and it worked. I came here looking for work, you see my village is poor and I wanted to come to the city to seek my fortune."

       "Take my advice kid, this city is no place for a naive village boy, go back to your home."

        "No , I want to go in. What do I have to do for you to let me inside?"

        "Pay the gate charge, it is five silver." He was sneering evilly, I knew that he was lying and trying to steal from me but silver was nothing to me, l have a treasury that could make a small country proud. I simply took out the five silvers and put it in his outstretched hand and walked by him quickly before he could come back to his senses and ask me for more.

           I was now inside the frontier city of Shewa.

