Chapter five

           It felt really good to go out into the sun and fresh air  after spending so much of my time in the dark and dreary cave. Plus this was the first time I got to enjoy my fully functional body , I'll admit I acted like a complete fool running everywhere and laughing like a little kid. I don't even remember the last time I felt so happy and free.

  " Hey Jules , you've been silent for a while. Your not still sulking about the god sight thing are you?"
 
    "No dumbass, I'm trying to fix the damage you caused by your monumentally stupid stunt and making sure it doesn't happen again."

   "Oh stop being a wet blanket , we are in a magical land about to have an adventure !"

   " You look like you are about to go out on a different type of adventure. At least get yourself a pair of pants before you poke somebodies eyes out with that thing."

  " While vulgar, you still have a point. I wonder if there are any animals to hunt in the forest?"

  " I'm more worried about animals hunting you in the forest."

  " Come on, there is nothing in the forest that can stop praecisus ( Latin for cut ) and tollo ( Latin for negate )"

  " I can't believe you named your canes. Well what do you know today is your lucky day, you don't even have to go to the forest, something big is coming your way."

         A rather large brown bear broke out from the trees into the clearing . While it wasted time roaring its anger and sending spittle everywhere, I simply pointed praecisus at said slobbering bear and touched it with my ring. The next moment not only the bear but the tree behind it where bisected into two. I was actually rather shocked at how grizzly (pun intended) the scene was. But on the bright side I was about to eat meat for the first time in 700 years, plus I'm sure I could fashion something from the fur to hide junior.

        A couple of hours later I was lying down on the grass besides a warm bonfire leisurely enjoying barbecue bear while gazing up at the night sky that was littered with countless stars and a bright gibbous moon.

      " Hey Jules, what do you think happened to cause all this."

      "I'm not a 100% sure but according to the timeline I compiled I believe that the cause of the mana event is linked to the experiments that were occurring at the CERN super collider "

       I couldn't suppress a chuckle as I imagined the looks on their faces when they realized that they had finally pricked a whole in the universe and that something was leaking in.
       
       " Hey Jules, do you you remember the way to the closest settlement. I think its time to say hi to the natives."
