Chapter fifty

        Shewa was an interesting contrast to Montreal. In Montreal all the buildings were diverse both in color and architecture ,in Shewa the buildings were all black and almost all in the classic rectangular shape, but what it lacks in diversity of buildings it made up for in the diversity of its people, from the little red imps that barely made it up to my knees to the giant violet guard I talked to when I came in ,its not an exaggeration when I say there were people of all shapes and sizes. This was good for me because some of them looked exactly like humans, that means now I know I wouldn't stand out.


          I walked slowly through the meandering streets looking for a place to eat and maybe stay when I saw a sign with unknown symbols on top but beneath that it read Shewa Inn in English. I extrapolated from this that English , or as they call it the summoner's tongue, was common enough here  that I wouldn't have much problem communicating , but just in case I needed to learn not only the language but also find a way to find out about where I was. Anyway I got into the inn and was greeted by a short red imp who had a very squeaky voice, at first he tried speaking in the local tongue but quickly switched to English when he saw I didn't understand him,


        "Tenia yiestilign , wode Shewa enquan dena metu......English you speak English?"

        "Yes, but I thought they called it summoner's tongue around here."

        "They do , but it is not the name of the actual language, like for example the summoner's tongue in Sidama is French just like how here in Gambela it is English. Now what can I get you?"

        "I would like a room and food, plus if you could tell me the quickest way to learn the local language."

         "Room's twenty coppers a night , foods coming in twenty minutes, as for the last one the language is called Arsi and I imagine you're going to have to pay someone to teach you. My advice is if you are going to pay anyone to do anything go to the mercenary guild."

        When the food finally came, it was some sort of red soup with pieces of meat floating inside, when I tried to drink the broth the little guy stopped me and showed me how to properly use the 'injera' he brought with the food to pick up the 'wot' as he called the soup ,to then put it in my mouth. It was spicy, exotic, and very delicious . I was very happy with the meal as I went upstairs to my room to go to bed.


         *      *      *


         I woke up in a very wide bed with a pink bedspread. I thought that the silk of the sheets were very smooth on my skin before I noticed that I was not wearing anything.

        Then I heard a very familiar giggling as the mysterious beautiful woman suddenly appeared. She was wearing a very sheer nightgown that was making a valiant effort to cover her wonderful body but was failing somewhat.


        I quickly grabbed the sheets and tried to cover myself.


      "You don't have to be so bashful John , from what I've seen you should be quite proud.", then she giggled some more.

       "Where are my clothes ?" I said not being able to meet her eyes as I was so embarrassed.

        "But this is our third date John."

       "What does that have to do with my clothes?"

       "Don't you know what they say about third dates?"

          She slowly crawled up the bed, then crawled up me and straddled me. She gave me a long lingering kiss , looked me in the eyes and said,

       "Let me show you instead ."
.
.
.
.


         *         *         *


       When I woke up in the morning I had to go to the bathroom to clean up the mess I had made. After I was done burning my pants , I was left with a very pressing concern.

        Does it count if it was in a dream?



         

