Chapter six

            After spending the night peacefully under the stars, I woke up fresh and reinvigorated in the morning. I bathed in a nearby stream and ate some bear jerky for breakfast. Last night before I went to sleep I did what I could to make something for myself using the bear pelt and the results were a fairly serviceable fur cloak , a kilt to cover my nether regions, and a belt I specially made with loops to carry praecisus and tollo. All in all I looked like a barbarian if you were being kind, a beggar if you aren't.

 
            I set off in a south westerly direction following Jules's directions. I hadn't even walked a mile when I heard a large group of people approaching from the direction I was going towards. I wasn't certain but there seemed to be a group of over 100 people who looked like they were heading to a larping convention. From the heavily armored 'tanks' , the agile 'rouge' archetype, to the archers, and even a few people with no armor who I assumed were the priests and mages . This looked like a large balanced raid party.

          I wasn't naive enough to think that meeting a large group of armed people was a good idea so I took the long way around to pass around them, but since my new and improved body had really sharp senses I was able to pick up snippets of conversations here and there. From what I heard this group was going to hunt what they called an elder vampire. I don't know what the hell that is but if it needs a freaking army to slay it, I didn't want to meet it so I lengthened my stride and made my way to the closest thing to human civilization in these parts.

        I had a fairly uneventful trip through the forest ( that's not surprising considering a large party of people just passed through ) when a large but run down wall came into view. I walked all the way to the wall and not seeing any entrances I walked to the right following the wall. When I rounded a corner I came face to face with a large open gate, I was cautious of going inside considering how I was dressed , but the pair of guards on duty didn't even look up from their card game as I came through. Now that I was inside I saw why the guards didn't give a damn who was going in or out. The whole place was a run down dump except for a single immaculate mansion surrounded by high walls as if to keep the squalor that was evident everywhere else out.


       A large faded sign covered in graffiti read  " WELCOME TO THE BORROWS " 




A.N. I know the chapters have been short but since this is the end of the introduction arc chapters from now on will be considerably longer. The settings have been set so now the real story begins. 
