Chapter nine

      For a moment I just sat there in the library thinking about how precarious my place in this world has just become. I seem to be the walking manifestation of everything that the church hates so much. Hell I don't think I could be something worse if I tried .I'm a walking library of forbidden knowledge, with my body literally teeming with nanites and a super computer in my head, if anybody found out I'll probably become public enemy number one, something akin to the devil for these people. I needed to prepare for when the shit will hit the fan. The list of things I need to do and critical things I needed to invent just tripled. But for now I needed to focus on things I could accomplish. 

       First I went to Walter's shop to use his equipments. Finally with his help praecisus and tollo looked like they were posh walking sticks that I could carry around without looking weird, I replaced the stones with actual gems and did the same thing with the starter ring. Then I asked Walter where I could buy a large sized house with some privacy. He pointed me towards a rundown three story building on a hill just inside the city walls. There were no buildings anywhere near it and I got the building and surrounding lands for just 10 gold because nobody else wanted it. Walter wanted to show me some carpenters and masons but when I declined he just looked at me sideways and went back to his shop without asking any questions.

        Inside the building, I was surprised that the thing was still standing. So as the first order of business I picked up a brick and enchanted it with the runes for fill and earth and ran it over the first floor walls. By the time I was done the walls had swelled up to twice their size and where rather ugly and uneven, but I was ready for this and I enchanted another brick with runes for compress and smooth. By the time I was done I had walls made of what appeared to be brown granite. After inscribing each of the supporting columns with the stable and strengthen rune I fixed up the basement and the upper stories in the same way. By the end of the day I had a strong and sturdy house surrounded by a large wall all made of sturdy 'brown granite'.

       After a day spent cleaning and furnishing the damn thing I moved right in. By the time I was finished with it I was actually pretty happy with the place.

      One of the rooms on the first floor was converted into a smith. The forge inside was not a normal forge . Instead of fuel to make fire it is just enchanted to be incredibly hot. The rest of the first floor was pretty normal. The living room was quite large , l put some comfortable sofas and a couch around a coffee table but it still looked kind of empty . For the kitchen I enchanted a stove and a refrigerator and that is all there is on the first floor.

       The basement door had every security I could think of , and some designed especially by Jules. The only way to enter would be to have a signet ring I made especially for the door.

       Inside , besides the room containing the bulky pod, there are multiple rooms for each of my projects, and a special shielded room where I could try out new devices safely. I was admiring my handy work when I heard the ring of bells telling me I had visitors, wondering who the hell came to my house before I had a chance to properly finish settling in, I made my way to the gates.

       At the gates was an ornate looking carriage . As I got out, the guy driving the carriage turned to me and shouted " Boy go call your master , the lord of the city has come to pay a visit to personally welcome the powerful mage to his city"
 
     I knew this was going to be trouble so I tried to get rid of them as politely as possible, " sir I'm afraid you have been misinformed . There are no mages in this house."

     " What are you talking about boy, this building appeared over night, of course a great mage lives here. Don't test my patience boy , go call your master now or I'll have you flogged! "

     I was starting to get really annoyed at this man's attitude, " let me clarify , the only person that lives here is me and I am not a mage, I'm an enchanter."

      He was suddenly very silent and the door of the carriage slowly opened.
