Epilogue

         "Welcome John , I've been waiting for you."

           I wanted to ask her so many questions but every time I thought of a question the answer sprang into my mind unbidden. After it happened a few more times I started to get a general idea of what was going on. 

        
         "Where am I?"

          "You are now in a higher plane. Its main purpose is to keep people like you and me from interfering in the world of the mortals. Ancient laws decree that when a person's personal power reaches a level that can cause mass extinction , they are removed to a higher plane."

          "Who made these laws?"

           She smiled , " That is the question isn't it John? Most believe that it is God the ultimate creator that made these laws, others believe that there is no God , that they are the gods and the rules are just a part of the universe. The point is that the rules are there and they are inviolable. You have grown beyond what the plane you were on could handle so you were raised to the next one, congratulations on your ascension."

           "Wait, I didn't have any increase in power when this happened, there must have been a mistake!"

           "There was no mistake, you were actually supposed to ascend when you had your second ,as you put it ,'meltdown'. The only reason you didn't was because I used most of my power to suppress yours."

            "Why would you do that?"

           "Think John, think. Use that amazing ability of yours to get the answer , you are damn near omniscient. What important things did you do after your meltdown?"

             I thought of anything that could be of significance," I stopped slavery in Norway and I made the Library in Berlin. Oh, and I had lots of sex."

            "Full marks John, although some would consider your power cheating. Now see what happens in the future because of your actions."

            I did as she said and the answers came yet again. Since I had technically ascended into becoming something akin to a god the contraception method Jules used was ineffective. Each of the women that I had been with were pregnant. Each would have a child that would be pivotal in defeating an enemy that would otherwise have jeopardized the safety of the two worlds.

         Using the knowledge from the library, Germany becomes an empire so powerful that they became the rulers of the earth without lifting a single finger. With a combination of magic and technology the human race transcends most of their differences, it wasn't all smooth sailing but in the end humanity rose up from their pettiness and became teachers and guardians of first their universe, then after some time the multiverse. 

            "This can't all be a coincidence, you planned this somehow didn't you?"

            "That is correct, my powers involve probability manipulation, I might have tweaked a few things here and there."

            "Can't I see my girlfriends, my children? I mean you were able to manipulate things from here , why can't I ?"

            "You already know the answer John, you are beyond them now. You can't go back. As for me being able to change things a little, it was a special situation. I'm sorry John."

            "Are you telling me that I am stuck here alone?"

            "I never said you were alone, there are thousands of beings here. If you want to talk to someone merlin is close by, although he is an insufferable know it all.  Plus I think you forgot somebody that never leaves you side."

             A hand fell on my shoulders," Did you miss me John?" I turned around and saw the beautiful face of my angel , "Jules?"

             "Well I'll give you two some privacy."

              "Wait , who are you? For some reason I can't get any answers about you."

               "I told you there were special circumstances. I have earned many names while I was up here but you know me by the name I used when I was back on earth."

               "So, who are you?"

               "My name is Sophia."

             End of volume one

                  The science of magic continues in book #2 - The Saint.
                  The adventures of John in the upper realms continue in book #4(might change) - The King
                   I'll probably edit this whole book , add a few more details and make the story a little more streamlined and post a PDF next time I have free time and access to a computer. 
                   It has been fun , good night everyone:-) 