Chapter one

        Twenty four hours of violent rutting later the once proud and beautiful Valkyrie was lying curled up on the ground, her wings bent at awkward angles where they were broken to accommodate various positions that were impossible with wings. She was sobbing quietly, afraid to draw my attention , afraid that I might continue to violate her but I had already had my fill. I had taken out my anger at the gods on this pitiful creature and as I saw her covered in bruises, blood and other bodily fluids I even started to feel sorry for what I had done. 

         I suddenly heard slow clapping coming from my right and a voice said, "You sir are a fucking artist. I mean look at this , I wish I had a camera to take a picture because this is a fucking work of art, truly inspired. I honestly don't think there is a single thing I could do to make this scene more perfect."

         I turned around and standing there was a breathtakingly beautiful woman. She had bright green eyes like a pair of emeralds with hot coal smoldering inside them, her face was different from the Nordic idea of beauty , she didn't have the strong jaw line or pale complexion that was normal in our women  but her well sculpted features and bronze like skin combined to form a beauty that was special instead of garden variety, the fact that she was exotic and different making her even more attractive. Her long hair fell down her bare back all the way towards her ass which was large without being too big. She wore a backless gown that was the same shade of green as her eyes. The tight dress struggled to contain the enormous globes on her chest while exposing a generous amount of cleavage that drew the eyes. Further down her tight dress continued to hug her figure showing off her slim waist and wide hips. The tight dress ended mid thigh displaying her long long legs that had dainty feet that were wearing open toed sandals. The woman was like a living embodiment of sex , she made everything sensual. When she inhaled her chest pushed out stealing your breath as she got hers. When she talked the way her juicy red lips moved begged to be kissed or put to use in other ways. The way she walked while swaying her hips could drive any man wild. In one word she was divine, quite literally in this case.

         "Loki."

         "Antony , you recognized me? I'm so flattered!"

         I quickly picked up a sword from the ground and in a flash I was in front of her slashing at her neck. The sword was traveling so fast that mere mortal eyes could not even see it move but Loki wasn't mortal. She grabbed the blade between her index finger and thumb stopping it cold, " Looking at your actions I could almost believe that you weren't happy to see me, but I know better," I was still naked from my time with the Valkyrie and she reached down and grabbed my engorged member and started to stroke it,"you are definitely happy to see me." She grabbed the hand holding the sword and lifted it over my head and behind my neck bringing her closer to me and pressing her chest onto mine in one smooth motion,"Is this the way you greet the one person who is willing to talk to you without trying to cut your head off?" Her face was so close to mine that I could feel her hot breath on my face, all the while she continued her stroking. My voice was strained as I answered her, "What are you doing here Loki, come to gloat?"

       "Nonsense , I came here to offer you a job."

       

        
