Chapter two

         
             "Nonsense , I came here to offer you a job."

        "Is this one of your oh so funny jokes? Because it isn't very funny. I have killed more members of your cult than anybody out there, hell I killed your champion. Why the fuck would you want me?"

        Her stroking hand suddenly stopped , it traveled upwards gently touching my chest then cupped my chin, "That was all in the past Antony, you were one of the many idiots duped into following the so called 'gods'." she let me go then started to walk around me affording me a great view of her backslide, the sultry smile she threw back at me made it clear that she had noticed me looking, " You truly believed that the gods created you and the world around you, that they somehow kept the balance keeping all the nine realms safe. You believed their stories about how I was the ultimate evil and you acted on that , I can't fault you for doing something that you thought was right."

       "Are you telling me that you have suddenly become a paragon of forgiveness ? That you are willing to give me a second chance because I had good intentions ? Spare me the bullshit Loki."

       "Oh this isn't bullshit Antony, let me tell you something that I would consider truly bullshit. Once upon a time there lived an honorable man who lived in peace with his beautiful wife and new born baby. This honorable man also happened to be one of the greatest warriors in the country some would even argue that he was the best, he had distinguished himself in several wars and made a name for himself before he had decided to retire and settle down. One day while he was working in his carpentry workshop where he now made a living, a priest of Odin paid him a visit. The priest claimed that he had received a vision from the gods themselves that said that the man must journey on a great and noble quest to defeat a great evil that threatened the lands. The man being not only honorable but also devout agreed to do as he was instructed. He was taken to Odin's temple where he was given a cup of what he thought was ambrosia but was actually something more sinister."

        I raised my hand to stop her, "I know how this story goes, why are you telling it to me?"

        She just smiled and flicked the end of my nose with her finger," Shush you, it's getting to the good part. Now where was I ? Oh , yes, the sinister cup. What the cup contained was an unstable concoction that had been abandoned because it was too dangerous to use. Now this naive man drank the concoction and it changed him forever. The man's strength , speed , and endurance soared. His body developed the ability to heal that made him nearly indestructible, but there was a tradeoff. The honorable man became unable to control his most basic impulses. At first he funneled all his rage and intensity at his enemies, he committed unspeakable crimes , things that he would never have been able to do before. He killed women and children, he burned entire villages and murdered innocents just because of their association and proximity to the ones he had condemned but he told himself that it was all in the god's name so it was alright. The man who was no longer so honorable completed his grizzly mission and returned to his home town. He was so devoted to his mission that the first thing he did was to go to the priest to report what had happened. Oh and this is my favorite part, he entered the temple only to find his beloved wife being fucked by the priest while he bent her over the altar. The man unable to control his rage exploded in fury not only destroying the temple but also the whole town killing everyone he knew and loved. The end. Now that is what I call bullshit, the biggest load of bullshit I have ever heard."

        "What does that have to do with anything?"

        "I am sure that you have realized by now that the gods don't give a fuck about what happens to you. They have literally taken everything from you just for their amusement. What I am offering you is the chance to kick down the golden gates of Asgard itself and jam your sword into Odin's one remaining eye."

      "You were not so different from them in the past, why should I listen to you? Why should I trust you?"

       "Because everything that you care about is gone and you no longer have anything to lose."
