Chapter three 

            "You no longer have anything left to lose."

      Her words hit me like a ton of bricks, I almost felt it like it was a physical impact. It resonated with what I was feeling inside, I was hollow, empty of anything meaningful. All that I valued and thought was important like honor and religion , like love and family, all of it stripped from me, and for what? To entertain the gods?

      I looked at the temptress before me and considered her offer. She was offering me something impossible. The gods have always been beyond our understanding, beings that wielded powers beyond our ken. We were mere mortals who languished in Midgard. Mere mortals aren't allowed to enter the fabled halls of Asgard but that was exactly what Loki was offering me, a chance to destroy the gods themselves in the heart of their power. It was a beautiful dream but I feared it was too fanciful to ever become a reality.

      "The offer is tempting Loki, but I am a mere mortal with only a little more power than the average man, I do not imagine myself an equal of the gods just because of that. As you have already demonstrated I am no match for a god. I might not have anything to lose but I am not foolishly wasting my life."

       Her mouth curled up into a smile and then she started to laugh," You still believe that those buffoons living in their shiny golden castles are gods? Haven't you been paying attention to what has been happening to you ? They are liars. They lied to you about everything. They are no gods , they are remnants of what used to be a great and powerful civilization. They are using advanced technology to make themselves look like gods to you. Odin's 'all seeing eye' is nothing more than a sophisticated surveillance system and do you really think that that drunken oaf Thor is the only one 'worthy' of Mjölnir, fuck the only thing he is worthy of is a shower which he never seems to take. They keep you mortals cowed with false stories of heroism and might while spending their time drinking and fucking their 'pure' Valkyries. Do you know what the Valkyries are ? They are nothing more than genetically engineered whores for your so called gods. That's right, they are so dedicated to fucking they made a new species exclusively for that purpose. They have spent so many years drinking and fucking that they have become lazy arrogant fucks. Don't be intimidated by them, I can show you things and give you things that would make you just as powerful as any 'god' in Asgard. All you have to do is come and take it."

        She sashayed over to me and grabbed my face between her hands to bring me tantalizingly close to her juicy red lips as she whispered," Just say yes and together we shall make all the nine realms fall at our feet. You and I together will be unstoppable, you can have anything you want. Power,fame, revenge , women you can have it all, just say yes."

        Her intoxicating scent entered my nostrils and my head was filled with lust for the woman in front of me. I was barely able to keep myself back when she leaned forward and kissed me with her soft lips , softly at first but then more aggressively invading my mouth with her tongue that expertly wound around mine and coaxed it to react. Before I knew it I had grabbed her well shaped ass and was violently kissing her back.

      When we separated from the hot steamy kiss and I looked into the alien green eyes of the most beautiful woman I have ever seen and all I could do was whisper "yes" before bringing her lips back to mine.

    At that point I wasn't even sure what I was agreeing to anymore.

        

      
