Chapter four(WARNING- THIS CHAPTER CONTAINS EXPLICIT SEX SCENES PG18+)


         I was so absorbed in kissing the woman in my arms that I barely noticed the scene around me begin to shift and change. The destroyed husk of my former home town and the rotting corpses of its inhabitants were replaced by obsidian walls and low burning torches of a wide windowless room.

         Loki placed her hands on my chest and pushed me back gently but firmly, my knees hit an obstruction from behind and I fell over backwards onto soft satin sheets, apparently Loki had pushed me onto a very large four poster bed that looked like it was carved from a single piece of ebony. The four vertical columns were adorned with erotic scenes of men and women performing a variety of depraved sexual acts, the images were artistically etched upon the wood with expert hands. 

         I was looking at the images on the columns  , fascinated by possibilities I wasn't even aware of, when silver chains shot out from each of them and slithered around my arms and legs , binding me so I couldn't move. I struggled with all my considerable might but I couldn't even budge. Loki slowly crawled over me and started to kiss my neck and nibble on my earlobes while whispering in my ears, "Don't struggle, there is going to be plenty of time for you to have your fun but first I'm going to have mine."
   
         She lifted herself off me and left the bed, that was when my torture began.

         She stood at the end of the bed and lifted her hands over her head. The low burning torches lighting the room created very little light but all of it seemed to have concentrated upon her revealing her perfect hourglass figure, then she started to slowly sway her hips as if she was dancing to music I couldn't hear. She continued to sway as she leisurely lowered her hands, deliberately caressing her curves and casually cupping her breasts. Her hands finished their long odyssey around her body and grasped the hem of her skirt. She lifted the hem of her already short skirt and ever so slowly revealed her magnificent body. She had my complete attention as she unveiled herself before me, I even stopped blinking because I was afraid I was going to miss something.

           She finally got the dress off her and dropped it to the ground. She was now wearing nothing but sheer green underwear that served more to emphasize than to conceal. It consisted of nothing more than three strategically placed triangles held in place by string. As my eyes feasted on her luscious curves and large round breasts, she continued to sway and even started to move around the bed forcing me to strain my neck to keep her in my sight. She bent over displaying her well shaped rear then started to bend and twist her body in various contortions to show exactly how flexible she was. She grabbed one of the bed posts and danced around it before she started to slowly grind up and down against it making this the first time I have ever been jealous of a wooden post.

          She let go of the post and then removed her bra in one smooth motion. I expected her giant breasts to sag without their support, but she was a goddess and her breasts were literally gravity defying, they stayed round and perky, her large dark areolas and erect nipples pointing in almost opposite directions. 

          She ripped off her last piece of clothing, her panties and I was able to see that she was completely hairless from her neck down. Loki saw my hungry expression as I gazed upon her and smiled. I knew that she was really enjoying this, being the center of attention and holding all the power. She loved that she was driving me mad with her sensual torture and I couldn't do anything about it.

         What I didn't know was that this was only the beginning....
