Chapter five

A.N. Warning: rated PG 18+ contains scenes that I'm not even sure are allowed on this site so please don't snitch to the administrators.

          Loki strutted and sashayed to the bed I was laying on making sure to put a little extra sway to her already gyrating hip as she approached the foot of the bed. She sprang onto the bed  on her hands and knees and crawled or more accurately stalked towards me as if she was a predator, some sort of hunting cat and I her helpless prey.

          She positioned herself so that she was in between my legs that had been spread wide by the chains. Her head lowered towards my erect member, which was almost literally vibrating at this point. Her lips, those juicy red lips came tantalizingly close to it making me think I was finally going to get some satisfaction but when her lips were just about to make contact she stopped and looked up at me with an impish smile on her beautiful face. For nearly five minutes we stayed in that pose. I felt her warm breath envelop me making tingles go up and down my length while she just enjoyed the expression on my face as I was unable to find satisfaction even as I got more and more aroused. 

           Finally as I thought that I was going to explode from frustration her pink tongue slipped from between her lips and lazily licked me from root to tip sending a shockwave up my spine. For a moment she just continued to lick me from base to tip increasing my arousal even more. She never put me inside her moth or sucked me off, just licked me until I was glistening in her saliva then she placed herself over me and impaled herself on my throbbing dick. As I was planted deep inside her warm core watching as a look of ecstasy crossed her face I thought that the games were over and I was finally going to fuck her but again I was mistaken. She slowly worked my tool out of her tight wet channel then worked it slowly back in , she repeatedly did this , never speeding up but continuing on with that same leisurely rhythm. I saw her come many times and she made sure I knew when she did, she moaned and screamed , her channel tightening around me. She made it as erotic as possible by rubbing her own breasts and twisting her own nipples. Her face contorted into a mask of pure pleasure while mine was twisted into one of pure frustration, her pace was fast enough to be stimulating enough to take me right to the edge but not enough to tip me over. After she came again for like the thirtieth time her bronze skin was covered in sweat and her chest was heaving as she panted heavily making her even more sexy if that was possible. She looked at me and said, "You have been a good boy waiting for me to finish my fun without complaining, I think you deserve a reward." then she leaned down and kissed me roughly and started to piston quickly up and down my shaft. 

           I had always thought that foreplay and delayed orgasms were only good for women, that day I learned different. After two minutes of her pistoning I had my first orgasm of the day and it was one of the most intense experiences in my life. I came so hard that my mind was blank for a second as shock after shock of pure pleasure coursed through my entire body. I felt myself spray my seed deep inside her womb and I was surprised she didn't bloat because of the ridiculous amount that came out.

           I lay down on the bed , spent. My frustration from before was replaced by absolute awe at what I had just experienced. I just lay there intending to just enjoy the afterglow but Loki had other ideas. She jumped off the bed, leaned on one of the walls and bent over, she looked back at me with her divine ass sticking in the air and said, "Does this give you any ideas?" The chains restraining me suddenly slithered back to the bed posts , releasing me. I quickly got up from the bed and rushed towards Loki, I mean who was I to keep a lady waiting?

        
