Chapter seven

    "I am Selanus second prince of Svatalfheim." 

     The guy was a pretty boy just like the rest of the elves, he had a handsome and well sculpted face that would stand out even among the elves and he had a stuck up expression on his face that clearly showed that he knew this fact. He was looking at me as if he was looking at feces he had just stepped on and was doing the disgusting job of scraping it off. My first impulse was to punch him in the face, my second impulse was to cut him open and use his own intestine yo strangle him. After several moments passed as I contemplated the best way to kill the bastard I remembered why I was here in the first place,

    "Good for you, now do you have the jewel or not?"

     The prince sneered exposing teeth that were all sharp canines just like the rest of his kind, "Well would you look at this, the beast can speak. I thought that all humans can do was fight and fuck like wild animals but I guess that you have enough intelligence to string a few words together, I mean if my pet parakeet can learn to ask for crumbs I guess Loki can teach a human to do something similar but I am afraid you didn't even do that right. The deal is for you to get me the crown so that I may give you the jewel."

      I was seriously getting pissed off at this whole situation. Loki had not mentioned that I had to do anything for this asshole, she just told me to get the jewel from her contact and sent me here.

      "Really ? And how am I supposed to do that , kill your father ? Rob the royal vault?"

        "Luckily for you my father is already dead, he decided to bed a frost giant who just happened to roll over at the wrong time."

        "Why would he want to bed a frost giant?"

          He looked at me as if I had asked a stupid question, "Because he could of course! Imagine fucking a woman several times your size, dominating her even though she could easily crush you. Not much can make you feel powerful after you have been a king for a while but that would make anybody feel like a god, but I digress , I don't expect your primitive mind to understand such complexities so let us get back to the original subject. My father is dead so the crown will go to whoever shall become the next king and that is decided in the only civilized way to decide such things, armed combat to the death. Each candidate who can prove that they have the blood of the previous king in their veins can choose a champion to enter the tournament to represent them, you shall be my champion."

        As he was speaking the waitress finally came with my order, she had two dwarven slaves carry a large golden case with bubbling liquid inside that was glowing an eerie green. The waitress stood there with a vicious smile on her face, "I bring to you the most expensive thing we have in our establishment, the dragon's breath."

        The entire place went silent as everyone in the room turned their attention towards our table, even the prince had paled a little when he looked at the glowing green liquid. Under everybody's expectant gaze I raised the hose attached to the golden box which was shaped like a small dragon's head and took a long pull. I saw the glowing green gas go through the hose, into my mouth and then into my lungs, for a second my ribs were visible as the green smoke filled my lungs and made them glow the same eerie green so that you could clearly see them from the outside.

       When I exhaled the smoke came out of my mouth looking like green flames leaving the mouth of a dragon.

       The evil smile on the the waitress's face was replaced by one of shock while the snobbish expression on the prince's face was replaced by one of grudging respect, "You truly are a worthy champion, you shall make me king!"

       I took another pull of the glowing green smoke and blew it in his face, "If it means that I need to make you king before I could get the jewel then so be it, but if you insult me again or condescend to me in any way I will chop your head off and search for another way to get the jewel, do you understand?"

       The prince paled again as he finally understood that I was fully capable of killing him and that there was nothing that could save him at that moment. He quickly nodded before running away so quickly that he knocked over his chair as he left.

        I turned to the waitress , "You just tried to do something very bad to me , I usually torture and dismember those who try to screw me over but I have a much better punishment in mind for you..."