Chapter eight

        The waitress might have been a conniving bitch but she sure knew how to fuck. 

         After I had smoked the dragon's breath I thought that I would punish her by forcing her to have sex with me but her attitude towards me had taken a drastic turn , I have heard that the thoughts of women were as fickle as the winter winds brewed by Aegir the god of storms himself but this was ridiculous. Instead of trying to escape from me the waitress literally dragged me to a room upstairs and disrobed faster than I could have imagined. She pushed me back against the wall , kissing me ferociously while at the same time she undid the strings of my pants and grabbed the beast that lay beneath. She inhaled sharply as she felt what she had awoken but it was too late to back away now, I grabbed her shoulders and pushed her against the wall, reversing our positions then I entered her in one smooth motion. In response she thrust forward just as forcefully while she bit my shoulder embedding her sharp fang like teeth into my skin. I grabbed her white hair and pulled her head back so I could see into her red eyes and then I started to pound her into the wall. 

       It was rough, angry , and violent. What we did wasn't an act of love, it was a plundering of each other's bodies in search of immediate sexual gratification. It was raw animalistic lust, with her ebony skin shiny with sweat and her pointy teeth dripping with my own blood how could I not feel boiling lust for this woman?

      In the end I fucked her so hard that she was embedded into the wall but she wasn't hurt, hell the bitch actually had a smile on her face as I picked up my robe from where it had fallen and left the room. Her last words to me as I left were, "If you ever come around this area feel free to call me up anytime."

      I shook my head as I walked away, that bitch was crazy. I will definitely try and find her again when I find the time.

      Downstairs the 'tavern' was still the same as I had left it and the light elf was just starting her performance again. I walked over towards her and snapped the metal collar around her neck, I was immediately surrounded by five dark elves holding their swords in such a manner that it was clear that they were experienced warriors. They moved with the supernatural grace of the elves combined with the sure strides of a seasoned fighter. They had death in their eyes as they slowly circled around me before rushing at me at the same time from five different directions.

      They must have thought that they could take me down easily with their five on one advantage but they were wrong, dead wrong. They might have been experienced warriors but I lived and breathed battle, I entered my first battlefield when I was eleven years old and the battlefield has been my home ever since, the battlefield was were I belonged.

      My movements weren't smooth and agile like theirs ,instead it was direct and precise . I didn't perform any of the fancy flourishes with the sword or use complex footwork , instead my techniques were basic and simple. I did not know how to fight, instead I knew how to kill. 

      It wasn't even very difficult for me, with my experience fighting countless foes I just used simple steps to position myself properly and swung my sword precisely, then I repeated the process four more times. In less than ten seconds five dark elf bodies lay on the floor with injuries to various very fatal locations , the arterial spray from the two I had decapitated had caused their blood to paint the wall , floor , and even several patrons of the 'tavern' but they didn't even bat an eye they continued to smoke or snort whatever they were smoking or snorting.

     I grabbed the arm of the light elf and walked out of the place before more trouble could find me. After we had put what I felt was sufficient distance between the tavern and us I turned to look at the light elf, she was shaking while she was looking at me but it wasn't from fear. Surprisingly she was looking at me with curiosity in her eyes.

     I took off the cloak I was wearing and gave it to her, it wasn't like it was doing a damn thing to hide me anyways, she gratefully accepted the cloak and then spoke in a voice that was sweet and clear like a bell, "Thank you stranger, you put yourself in harm's way to save me from slavery. My name is Sól of house Sunna, may I know the name of my hero?"

    I couldn't help but burst into laughter, "I am no hero lady, in fact I am the furthest thing from hero you will find in this realm and that's saying something since this is Svatalfheim. This is just a momentary bout of insanity on my part so I would advise you to run away before the moment passes and I decide to keep you for myself."

     
