Chapter nine

      "Run away before the moment passes and I decide to keep you for myself."

       She raised her golden eyebrow in a perfect arch, "And where should I run away to? The streets of Svatalfheim where I would be caught and made into a slave again in less than an hour or do you have some alternative I don't know about? No I think I will take my chances and stay with you instead."

       I was starting to get irritated by her attitude," Don't the elves have special magic that allows them to travel great distances and even across different realms?"

       "You mean the Wyrd ways? All the passages close to Svatalfheim are carefully monitored and guarded by squadrons of dark elf soldiers, I would have a better chance of escaping through a swarm of bees covered in honey than going through the Wyrd ways from Svatalfheim."

       "That is your problem , not mine."

       "That is not a problem at all, I have decided to follow you on your journey and help you however I can to repay what you have done for me."

        I was so angry at her that I grabbed her shoulders and roughly put her against the closest wall, "This is not a joke nor is it some game, I could rape you right here right now and there would be nothing you could do to stop me. I am trying to help you by telling you to go away, so get away from me while you still have the chance. You probably have family and people waiting for you at your home, if you run away now you have some chance however slim it might be of seeing them again but if you stay close to me the only things I can guarantee are pain and death."

       Her two eyes that were like molten pools of gold looked up at me with intensity, her delicate chin raised defiantly, "Do your worst, it isn't the first time I have been raped."

       That made me even more furious. In my fury I raised my fists and punched towards her face , but even in my rage I was able to change the course of my fist ,missing her face by a couple of inches and punching the wall next to her head instead , causing cracks to appear like spiderwebs on the hard stone. She stared wide eyed at my fist that had almost ended her life. She suddenly started to cry, her tears like liquid crystal jewels flowing from her eyes were somewhat able to cool my rage. I grit my teeth and said, "Why are you being so stubborn?"

       She looked at me and this time there was no defiance in her, it was like a mask had been removed and I could see the raw pain and anguish in the depth of her golden eyes, "Because you are the only person in this universe that cared enough to free me. You say that I have a family waiting for me but I won't be accepted back among the glittering throng even if I somehow made it back by some miracle. To them I am forever tainted , unworthy of even stepping on the hallowed grounds. You could kill me right now and I would die willingly for all I have known for years is pain and misery and it has left me hollow and empty of anything else . I can't even remember what joy , happiness  or love feel like, all that is good and bright has been drained from me in the darkness and despair of that hell hole . The only reason that I have for living now is to repay my dept to you for rescuing me from the worst fate imaginable but if you find that I am a useless burden to you then go ahead , end my life, I will not blame you. In fact I will die with thanks on my lips and gratitude in my heart because I didn't die a trollop in a den of anguish as a plaything for those motherfuckers but I die as a free woman." she then closed her eyes and waited for me to end her life with an expression of serenity on her angelic face making her look even more radiant than usual.


      In the end I couldn't bring myself to hurt this woman, "Fine, you win. You can tag along but you do so at your own peril."

      She opened her eyes and smiled for the first time since I met her. She stretched up until she was on the tip of her toes and kissed me lightly on my cheeks and said in that clear voice that sounded like crystal bells, "Thank you."

       For the first time since I was tricked into drinking that cursed concoction I felt the ever burning fire that raged in my soul cool down just a little.
