Chapter eleven

      The prince was waiting for me at the entrance of the Colosseum.

       He was in a golden litter being held up by slaves and inside he was lounging on a large bed with three naked dark elf women , one was licking his long ears, one was caressing his chest while the last one was busy going down on him. He was surrounded by soldiers in shiny armor and that seemed to have restored some of his cockiness,

       "I see that you have made it , for a second there I thought that you had chickened out of our arrangement."

        He was being cocky but I noticed that he was being careful to not insult me outright, I guess I wasn't going to get to kill the disgusting lowlife, at least not today, "I doubt that there is anything in here that would make me chicken out. You said that only the direct descendants of the king can participate so that's what, six or seven champions I have to defeat? I'll be done in less than an hour."

        "While your confidence is commendable I think that you are underestimating the caliber of the combatants that will be participating in this tournament and as for the number of participants normally you would be right in assuming that a king would have six or seven children , hell an elf is blessed if he has one or two children but my father was a rather virile man and took great joy in fucking as many women as he could get his hands on. Now that he is dead his bastards have been popping up like worms after a rainstorm. I believe by the last count there are over fifty people with a claim on the crown."

     I sighed and said, "It doesn't really matter , it might take take me a little longer but I will win this tournament, just make sure that you keep the your end of the deal."

       I walked past him before he could respond, seeing his smug face made me want to harm it in some fashion and that would be too much of a hassle at this point. One of the princes guards led me to an empty room with nothing but a chair and a closed gate. Apparently all contestants are given their own rooms and the gate will open when it was their turn to fight.

      
      I could hear screaming and applause coming from the gate but it was cleverly built so that I couldn't really see anything. In the end I stopped trying to peek and just sat down and waited for my turn. About half an hour later my gate creaked open revealing a giant circular arena. As I stepped out onto the sand that had already been stained red with fresh blood I looked up to see stands filled with black elves who were booing and jeering at me, it seems they didn't approve of me.

     A noise from the other end of the arena drew my attention and I saw a gigantic iron gate that was many times more massive than mine being raised by heavy chains that were being drawn by teams of horses. 

     When the heavy iron door was fully raised it revealed a large cavernous room where something large was vaguely visible in the darkness. Slowly a scaled snout emerged into the light and snorted, the breath from the nostrils turning into steam in the brisk morning air. After sniffing in my direction for a moment the rest of the creature emerged.

     It was a large sinuous creature that was covered in pitch black scales. It had red spikes running down its back and four red talons coming out of each of its six legs, it had four translucent dragonfly wings which immediately started vibrating to lift the creature up into the air. It looked like a cross between an insect and a snake as it twisted in the air to fix its yellow beady eyes at me. This creature was probably one of Jormungandr's numerous progeny. Whenever Jormungandr decides to have children with something , it does so regardless of size , gender or species which resulted in some very weird creatures, most of whom had the scaled and serpentine look of Jormungandr. He had so many of these children that they were given their own special designation, dragons.

     My first battle was to be with a dragon.

        