Chapter thirteen

        I didn't have to wait long for my next fight to begin, in fact I had just finished wiping of the stubborn gray slime that was from the dragon's brain off my sword when the door from my personal waiting room to the arena opened again.
    
        I must have pissed somebody off because my next opponent was a frost giant. Both a frost giant and a dragon would usually be deadly to most solitary combatants but I am not like most combatants and I am actually better at fighting such creatures. If somebody truly was trying to bump me off and make me lose , a frost giant was a very poor choice to do it. As their name suggested frost giants were indeed exceedingly large creatures and they did indeed posses a modicum of frost magic but not only were they slow and clumsy , their magic was uncontrolled and manifested itself randomly, although there was a constant aura of cold around them that caused an armor of ice to form on their skin and could cause problems if one was to be inside of it for a prolonged period of time.

   
          In the end it was a short and straightforward match, I quickly run behind the lumbering fool and swung at his ankle. My sword passed through his armor of ice and thick blue skin then severed his Achilles' tendon which caused his right leg to buckle. As he was on his knee I jumped upon his ankle and using it as a springboard I catapulted myself to his thigh where I sank my sword into his flesh to hold on. I then braced my feet against him and used the leverage to pull down at the hilt of my sword which was deeply imbedded into the frost giant's thigh, the sword bent until it reached a certain point then suddenly straightened when I pulled back my feet that were braced against his thigh. The recoil from the sword straightening flung me up towards the base of the frost giant's spine and I savagely stabbed into the small of his back , severing his spine.

        
        The frost giant who no longer had any control of his legs fell face first onto the sands. I ran up his back ,which was now horizontal , and stabbed at nerve clusters near the his left hand and right hand , robbing him of his ability to use all four of his limbs.

         By the time I was finished I was starting to feel frostbitten so I quickly distanced myself from the frost giant who was now laying prone on the ground. 

         It was a lot more work than the dragon but unlike the dragon with its unprotected eyes, a frost giant has layers of clear hard ice protecting its sensitive blue eyeballs. It also had a thick skull and strong almost impenetrable protective membranes around most of its vital organs. It has very few weak spots and they were the Achilles' tendon and to a lesser extent the small of its back. Using this fact I had completely disabled the giant but even with him completely unable to move it would be hard to get to any of his vital organs to finish him off. Thankfully I didn't need to finish him off, the weight of a frost giant is so large that it couldn't breathe once it was was lying face down on the ground.

        I just stood back and watched as the giant slowly suffocated under its own weight.

        The crowd that was unanimously screaming encouragement to the frost giant gradually went silent as they realized that the frost giant wasn't going to get up off the ground ever again, at least not under its on power.

        Once it was clear that I had won I turned around and went back into my waiting room, I had to wipe off the blue blood of the frost giant that was staining my sword before my next fight.

        