Chapter fifteen

       Unlike my match with the dragon which ended with gray slime on my blade and the match with the frost giant which ended with my blade covered in blue blood , my match with Allisandra had been completely fluid free meaning that I didn't need to clean my sword as I waited for the next round so I simply sat on the seat provided in my waiting room and started to think about what I might face next in this tournament.

       I was deep in thought when the door to my waiting room opened, not the one that led to the arena but the one l came through when I first entered.

      I rested my hand on the hilt of my sword, wondering who could be coming to visit me at this time. My question was quickly answered when a familiar golden litter was carried into the room. Two of the slaves pulled back the curtains of the litter to reveal the smug face of Selanus , second prince of Svatalfheim. 

      "You, my friend, are the greatest fighter I have ever seen. The way you went through opponent after opponent so easily as if they meant nothing to you, no wonder Loki chose you as her champion. The look on my bitch of a baby sister's face when you defeated her dragon in one move was priceless, I wish I had thought to hire a painter to capture the look on that spoiled little brat's face when her hopes of getting her greedy little paws on the crown were shattered into a million little pieces."

     The prince was jumping up and down in excitement while giggling happily. I hated to be the reason that he was so happy but I had a mission so I suppressed the impulse to kill the scumbag in front of me once again and said, "Is there a reason you came to visit me other than to gloat?"

        His excitement subsided a little and he had a small frown on his face as he spoke, "Yes, there is another reason I came here. There are only two contestants left with enough limbs to continue the tournament. That means that the next fight is going to be the final fight. Unfortunately your last opponent is going to be your toughest opponent. He is the best fighter that the dark elves had ever seen. His movements are like those of a hunting cat, elegant and beautiful. The scimitars that he dual wields are precise and deadly. My late father was so enthralled by his prowess that he gifted him one of the royal treasures, the anklets of Njord the god of wind. Now he moves so fast that he is not even visible to the eye. I have seen you fight and your might is undeniable but I don't see how you are going to defeat this monster."

      He actually looked worried by the time he finished talking, he truly believed that I couldn't win against whoever this person was.

      "Don't worry about it prince, I will uphold my end of the bargain and get you the crown. You just need to remember my payment afterwards."

        The prince looked at me skeptically, "What makes you so sure, what gives you such confidence? Do you have some enchanted object that you plan to use? Do you have some strategy to nullify his speed? I was not exaggerating when I said that he moves so fast that you can't see him, I meant that literally."

       "I understand but I'm still confident I'm going to win."

       The prince was reassured by my unflinching confidence and left my room with his optimism restored. He continued the happy bounce he was doing in his litter when he first entered my room as he left being carried on the back of his slaves.

       I on the other hand felt very unhappy. The opponent that the prince had just described sounded like a perfect counter for me, the worst possible enemy I could face. Of course this didn't mean that I was going to lose but it meant that this next bit is going to hurt really really bad.

       The door to the arena opened and I walked into the arena knowing that I was probably going to experience a lot of pain but fuck it, it's not like it would be the first time.


A.n. Does the final opponent remind you of anyone?

     



     
