Chapter seventeen

         I made my way through the streets back to my inn. I had talked to the prince and he had said that he would give me the jewel right after the coronation ceremony that would be held tomorrow at the palace.  I walked briskly on the hard stone of the cobblestone street and even though it was the middle of the day and the street was crowded everybody stayed out of my way. It might have been the fact that I was larger than everyone around me, it might have been the fact that I was openly armed, it might have been the grumpy expression on my face but most of the dark elves were giving me a wide berth when they passed me, of course it just might have been the fact that I was still in the clothes I was wearing in the arena and I was completely covered in blood.

          Putting that aside, I eventually made it back to the inn where I had stashed Sol. When I entered I was greeted by the woman I had threatened just this morning. Her eyes were wide in fear as she looked at me but she quickly wiped that expression off her face and put on a fake smile,

         "Are you alright esteemed customer?"

         I could almost believe that she cared about my well being but the hopeful tone in her voice ruined the act a little.

          "I am fine."

           Her smile dimmed a little at that, "So the blood isn't yours?"

           "Oh, the blood is mine but blood matters very little to me, what does matter to me is the fact that I stink. I would be ever so grateful if you could send a tub of hot water to my room."

              She grit her teeth as she heard my mock polite request, "Of course esteemed customer. My husband usually used to do that but now that he is dead I shall personally see to it."

             I went up the stairs without saying another word. When I made it to my room the door was flung open and a golden streak crashed into my chest, I looked down to see Sol hugging me as hard as she could,

             "Thank the gods you are okay!"

              "Why wouldn't I be okay?"

              She let me go and actually started to shout at me, "You inconsiderate person! How could you just leave without an explanation? I wake up only to find you gone and when I tried to go out to look for you the inn keeper wouldn't let me! I was worried sick that something had happened to you! I had to stay in that empty room thinking about the million things that could have happened to you!"

              If anybody else had shouted at me I would have cut off their tongue and shoved it down their throat but as I heard Sol shout at me I only thought that it was incredibly cute. The fire in my soul that had been raging after my fights in the arena started to calm down a little.

              Sol finally calmed down a little only to notice the blood stain on my clothes and she went off again, berating me for getting into trouble this time. I just stood there with a small smile on my face and watched her shout at me, it was almost cathartic for me.

              Her rant was interrupted when the inn keeper dragged a heavy looking iron tub towards us. Sol hurriedly went to help her and after seeing Sol struggle I went over to them and carried the whole thing by myself to the room. The innkeeper lady brought pails of hot water to fill the tub and Sol dragged me into it where she proceeded to scrub me clean with her own scarf. She was scrubbing a rather intimate area when she noticed that my penis was hard like usual.

             "It is alright if you .....you know. If you really need to so badly I wouldn't mind. I mean it would be pointless for me to mind after everything that has happened to me."

              Her offer was tempting and I really did feel very horny but one look at the sad look on her face was the only thing I needed to dissuade me. 

              "It's okay, I'll be fine."

               She looked even sadder if possible then turned away from me, "Of course you don't want to be with me, I'm soiled goods."

               I cupped her face gently and turned her back so that she could face me, "That is not what I meant, in fact to me you are purer than any virgin. That is why I won't be with you, you deserve someone better than me. You deserve someone good that loves you and is willing to give you everything that a sweet girl like you needs. I wasn't kidding when I said I am a bad person but I am not evil enough to use you to relieve my lust."

               After I said that I leapt out of the tub and quickly left the room. I locked the door from the outside and rushed down the stairs. There I found the innkeeper woman speaking to a customer. I grabbed the man by the scruff of his neck and threw him out. I closed the door to the inn and barricaded it using nearby chairs. I then turned to the surprised innkeeper and bent her over the counter. I then hiked up her skirt and proceeded to fuck her with all of the lust I had accumulated while Sol had been washing me.

               And I had accumulated a lot of lust.
