Chapter eighteen


        The dim violet sun of Svatalfheim was just peeking through the window when I finally finished with what I was doing, or more accurately who I was doing. I looked around at what used to be the reception room of the inn, satisfied with my handiwork. Last night when I had accosted the inn keeper I thought that she would try to fight me off or refuse to participate as I fucked her, boy was I wrong. She had put up a token resistance at first but then she had turned into a wild beast who gave as good as she got.

         The counter had collapsed a few minutes after we started to fuck like animals and then we had proceeded to demolish the rest of the room. Now the room was a complete mess,  there were several holes in the walls where we had slammed each other into it in the heat of passion, the chairs were in pieces that would only be useful as firewood and our crowning achievement, we had managed to bring down the chandelier and a piece of the ceiling. It was fucking awesome.

         I was starting to sense a connection here, the waitress at the drug den had been bitchy but she was fantastic to fuck now the inn keeper was also a bitch and she had taught me a thing or two I've never seen before. Maybe all dark elf women were bitches but also really good in bed. I wasn't sure that my hypothesis was  right but I was eager to fuck some more of them to find out.

        Unfortunately I couldn't do my little experiment today since I had to attend Prince Selanus's coronation and get the heart of darkness from him, in fact I think think that I might be late for the ceremony. I hurriedly put on my pants and shirt before going upstairs to my room and telling Sol that I had an errand to run, I told her that I had something to retrieve but didn't tell her any details. I just told her that I'll be gone for a few hours and that she shouldn't even leave our room let alone the inn.

         After I made sure that Sol wasn't going to do anything foolish I headed out of the inn and started making my way to the palace. I had never been to the palace before but I didn't need to ask for directions to get there, the giant complex was clearly visible from anywhere in the city. It was a strange building with two oddly shaped main buildings with ten crooked towers sticking out from them and the whole thing was built from shiny black stone so it was entirely pitch black. From where I was standing it looked like a gigantic pair of black hands were sticking out of the ground as if some titanic creature was about to burst from the ground at any moment.

          It was a fair distance from the inn I was staying at to the strange palace and I was already late so I decided to test the enchanted anklets I had obtained from my last match in the tournament. I took out the silver anklets and took a closer look at them, what I thought were simple chains turned out to be countless very small metallic wings that were connected together into interlocking chains. Even though the wings were tiny each one had detailing that made it look like each wing had very fine feathers, it must have taken many years and a lot of effort to craft such a finely made trinket.

           I finished my examination of the anklets and put them on my ankles then waited for something to happen but I didn't feel any different. I took a tentative step forward but nothing was happening so I tried putting some force into my legs so that I could run. Immediately the world around me blurred and I found myself embedded into a wall at the end of the street I was walking on.

            I extricated myself from the stone wall and dusted myself off. It seems that the anklets were more powerful than I thought they were. For the next hour I tried to get used to the anklets but by the time I made it to the palace gates I had demolished quite a few walls and had barely gained control of the anklets, they required a fine control that I was having trouble with but I had just managed to go five consecutive minutes without running into anything so I am going to tentatively say that I had some modicum of control over the anklets.

            I suddenly lost control and crashed into the palace's black gates.

            Make that zero consecutive minutes.

              
