Chapter twenty two

     I left the castle and I was halfway to the inn when I noticed that the strange little dark elf woman was following me.

     "Why are you following me? I got the heart of darkness jewel from you and I helped you to successfully eliminate all your rivals. You have now become the sole heir to the Svatalfheim throne, your way to becoming queen is unobstructed. I have fulfilled my promise to you so our relationship ends here."

      She pouted like a little girl when she heard my cold tone of voice, "Queen? Why would I want to be queen? I want power! True power! Selanus was king and what good did it do for him? You reaped his life like a farmer reaping wheat. Sure I could stay here and enjoy all the trappings of being a monarch but I believe that I would gain something greater by following you. I believe that I can get an opportunity to be truly powerful."

     "I don't remember inviting you to follow me. My path is mine to walk and I have no wish to babysit you along the way."

     "Don't be like that. You don't need to babysit me. I can help you! As you have already seen, I'm quite gifted when it comes to manipulating enchanted items. I have already raided everything from the royal treasury so I am equipped with numerous powerful enchanted items. Please, just give me a chance and you will see that I can be useful."

     I was going to reject her again when a voice said, "Let her come my champion, I rather like her."

     We had just reached the inn and inside instead of the innkeeper, Loki was waiting behind the counter. She looked incredibly alluring in a red backless dress that had a slit on the side that stopped at her calf.

     I threw the heart of darkness to her and she caught it gracefully, "Good job Anthony, this will be very useful to you in the future but we better leave quickly. I have disabled the bifrost for a while but those buffoons should figure out how to fix it anytime now and we better be gone before they arrive."

     "Wait, you were the one who broke the bifrost? Did you know that Selanus would betray us?"

     Loki smiled a crooked sly smile, "That idiot thought he could outsmart me? That he could double cross me? Really? What an ignorant Dumbass. Alright, enough chit chat. Its time to go now."

     "Wait! I have someone I would like to take with me."

     "You mean your little light elf toy? I have already taken the liberty of sending her back ahead of us."

     Without saying anything else, Loki waved her hand and all three of us; Loki, the strange little dark elf princess whose name I didn't know and I were all enveloped in spheres of multicolored lights before our surroundings blurred and changed.

     When our surroundings finally stopped moving and stabilized, I could see that we were back inside Loki's secret hideout.

     

     
