Prologue

     I stood there, knee deep in the corpses of thousands, tens of thousands of people....strangers.....friends....family members, all dismembered and their blood and guts scattered about like dry leaves in the autumn. Their bodies lying there like broken toys, their eyes staring wide but seeing nothing. The face of men and women, the children and the elderly all stuck in a perpetual mask of fear and pain, the essence of pure agony that they felt as their lives were snuffed out by an uncaring blade still etched into a death mask that mocked me and taunted me as if to drive home the fact that my actions in the end were ultimately futile...meaningless.

        I stood there waiting for judgment from the gods themselves. My heinous crimes were unforgivable, my sins had no absolution. My existence had been deemed an abomination that needed to be exterminated.

       From among the crows and vultures who were circling around , feasting on the grand buffet that I had offered them, other flying creatures started to emerge. The Valkyries had finally arrived to deliver my sentence by the edge of their swords.

      I didn't try to escape. I didn't try to hide. I didn't even even try to fight. I simply opened my arms wide as if to welcome a long lost lover. The sword of the first Valkyrie lanced through my chest, jammed through my heart with the force of her flight. I knew I should be feeling pain but it had been so long since my heart was broken that the sword inside of it barely made any difference. Besides, pain was my only friend and my one constant companion. This paltry imitation, a mere shadow of what real pain is meant nothing to me.

    A second blade passed through my gut but the third one passed straight through my right eye socket and lodged itself deep into my brain.

     I had decided to accept my fate and die quietly this day but observing these pigeons trying to kill me and failing miserably started to enrage me. The fire within my soul that I thought was forever extinguished started to burn again. The cold ashes slowly turned into embers which eventually turned into small flames.

     My right hand slowly rose up from my side . Almost as if they were no longer under my control, my fingers caressed the beautiful face of the Valkyrie who had a sword jammed into my eye. I looked into her ice blue eyes as I gently run my fingers up her jawline until they reached her blonde hair. Blonde hair that was exactly the same as my wife's.

    I hated my wife.

    I roughly grabbed her hair and threw her on to the ground where I violently stomped on her head until it broke like an eggshell, splattering her brain everywhere. I took out her sword from my eye and decapitated the one that had her sword deep in my gut, sending her head flying through the air and soaking the last one in her blood. The final Valkyrie tried to fly away at this point, but it was much too late for that. I grabbed her hand before she could take off and started to rip off her armor piece by piece.

  Odin sent three of his fucking pigeons to kill me?

  After everything that had happened he wouldn't even take the time to smite me himself?

   You know what? Fuck the gods.

   I hope Odin uses his all seeing eye to see me fuck one of his pigeons at the doorstep of where his temple used to be , among the rotting bodies of his former followers.
