Chapter one

        As soon as the shining door vanished taking the amazingly powerful being along with it I turned towards Jules and started to speak quickly,

        "Alright Jules we don't have a lot of time,  we have a lot of things to do and not a lot of time to do them in, we are currently in a pocket created by Sophia and it will dissolve shortly releasing us to the world outside before that happens I have to bring you up to speed."

         Jules ruffled her feathers like a disturbed pigeon and looked at me with a bewildered expression, "Good, because some of the things that that woman said were very confusing, like you know when she declared I was pregnant! I am an AI, how am I pregnant? I don't even have proper reproductive organs! Was she telling the truth John, am I really pregnant?"She started poking at her stomach as if that would reveal the answer.

          "The answer is yes and no, when we had sex we did indeed make a child but when you ascended unlike me you didn't keep your old body. Our child is still in that body."

           Her bewildered expression turned into one of concern, "Is our child going to be alright? Without me isn't my body going to revert to that hard stuff that your solid illusions are made of? How is our child supposed to survive without air or sustenance? John we have to go back!"

           It seems that it didn't matter if you were a human, a tiger , an elephant or it seems even an AI , the mothering instinct is something embedded deep into the soul. I put my hands around Jules's shoulders which were shaking and gave her a hug to calm her down a little, "It's all right, our child ,who is a boy by the way, is going to be fine. Being our child, he inherited our power to manipulate solid illusions. In fact he is better at it than we ever were. Right now your body has turned into a sort of egg and our son is cannibalizing it to create his own body."

        
           "But who is going to take care of him? He needs somebody to help him understand why he is so different from everybody else, you know how cruel people can be. Plus if he truly is as powerful as you say he is people are just going to see his power and take advantage of him, we need to help him John, he is our son and we have to help him. We need to go back John."

           "Again don't worry, we'll be back before a week has passed in the lower plane. That's the one advantage that we have here, everything is happening very quickly in this plane so if we manage to get back in about a year only a week will have passed back on earth."

           She pulled back from the hug so that she could looked into my eyes with those strange golden eyes,"Are you saying that we are going back?"

          "Yes. That is exactly what I am saying."

          "But that woman said that the future of humanity is perfect now, wouldn't that future change if we go back?"

           "Oh, most definitely."

           "Isn't that a bad thing?"

           "Oh, most definitely."

           "So what would the new future be like?"

           "No idea, doesn't exist yet until we return."

           "So we are jeopardizing humanities prosperity and happiness by going back? Are you OK with that?"

            "The human race could go suck an egg, there are three women that I love down there and I am not just going to forget about them to go on some happy go lucky adventure while my children grow up without knowing their father. I grew up without a father and I will be damned if I let the same happen to my children."

 
