Chapter two


       I had just made my declaration when the room we were in started to glow and turn translucent, the walls that were solid only a few seconds ago weren't so solid anymore as they blew away like smoke. Through the fading walls the outside slowly became visible and I could see a beautiful clear blue sky with the sun shining brightly and small fluffy clouds here and there. I looked down and just like I expected the floors were fading away too. As the black and white tiles disappeared they revealed what my powers had already told me, we were floating several meters above a vast forest of giant trees.

      I grabbed Jules and created a platform underneath us to keep us from falling. Jules looked around with an incredulous expression at what I expect was a very surprising change of scenery for her,
    
      "John, I know that we are in a higher dimension and everything but what exactly is this place?"

      I used my powers to ferret out as much information about where we were. I was just getting used to the new 'God sight' ,which I would have to rename now that it wasn't actually related to vision anymore, but it seemed like a pretty straightforward process, all I had to do was concentrate on a question and the answers would pop into my head. 

      The answers I received about this place were not very bad but they weren't exactly good either, "Jules, I need you to shift your appearance to look as normal as possible and while we are in this area don't reveal your power to shape shift. We are currently above the Fay woods so we are not going to attract attention but when we leave the woods if you shift your appearance in any way you will be branded a fay and you will put both of us in danger."

     "Look John, I know that you have this nifty new ability to know things but I don't have the same power so can you please explain things to me instead of issuing instructions that make no sense."

     I thought about it and we weren't in any immediate danger so I took a deep breath to calm myself and explained what I had just learned to her,

     "This plane is not like the physical plane, it is not one uniform space that has a universal set of rules that are applicable everywhere. It is divided into territories that are run by powerful beings called 'kings'. These kings aren't like the simple monarchs back on earth, they are connected to their territories. What this means is that the territory reflects what is in the king's mind."

      "So you are telling me that this forest is someone's territory?"

       "Exactly, not only this forest but also the city adjesent to the forest is the territory of one King."

        She looked at me with a puzzled expression,"What city?"

         I floated the platform in the direction of where I knew the city to be. As we made our way to the city the large trees of the forest were gradually replaced by small shrubs which in turn were replaced by tall grass. The blowing wind caused waves to be created on the grassland as if it was the sea and in the middle of the sea of grass rested a pure white city which according to my powers was constructed entirely of white material such as marble and ivory.

        The biggest structure in this white city was a large castle located at the center. It took up nearly half of the city and looked like something out of a story book with its many large towers and the turrets sticking out from these towers. 

        Jules just stared at the sparkling white city,"John, seriously where are we?"

        "I believe you know the legend of King Arthur, well when Mordred killed Arthur the heartbreak caused Merlin to go a little berserk. In his pursuit of revenge he performed forbidden ceremonies to gain power and he succeeded in amassing incredible amount of power. Unfortunately for him before he could get his revenge he ascended. He eventually ended up here where he is now the king of his own territory. He erected this city as a monument to Arthur and everything he stood for; chivalry, honesty, and purity."

        "Welcome to the city of Camelot."
