Chapter three

         My 'God's sight' power had evolved into a very potent ability and an increasingly efficacious tool in my now rather limited arsenal of magic but even as it changed into something rather cogent it did not mean that it was in any way akin to omniscience. The best way I could describe the new 'God's sight' is by calling it a universal search engine, which meant that all the answers in the universe were at my disposal but to get the answers that I need I must ask the right question. This might seem like a trivial difference at first but as Jules and I were about to find out to our folly, it was a difference that was all too crucial.


         We were several meters above the sea of grass that was undulating like a living creature under the effects of the wind , I was standing on the small platform I had created with my power with Jules standing very close to me as we both observed the white city of Camelot from a distance where I was sure we wouldn't be detected by anyone from the city. We were both gawking at the big castle and the large impressive buildings that looked like they were pieces of art carved by a master sculptor from a single stone rather than buildings to be lived in. All of the windows we could see were stained glass artworks depicting knights and battles. But the architecture wasn't the only thing that was fascinating.

     
          We were using small binoculars I had made with my powers to see the medieval looking inhabitants as well. The women in their woolen clothing that were fastened by a belt or a girdle around their waist or hips giving the shapeless dress more definition as it made it hug their figures , the men in brightly colored tunics and tight pants that left little to the imagination and lastly the knights in their chainmail armor or even full plate armor go about their business in the city. We were so engrossed in observing the city that we didn't notice the sparkling dust until it was too late.

             
            By the time we had noticed the glittering dust surrounding us some of it had already made it into our mouths. I made the binoculars vanish as I tasted the strange sweet taste in my mouth. I looked around and I noticed that we were surrounded by butterflies with very colorful wings and the strange glittering dust was being shed by their wings. My thoughts became fuzzy and I felt my consciousness drift away as my vision slowly went dark. 

             As my consciousness slipped away I saw the butterflies glitter strangely as if they were a mirage and their insect bodies blurred and turned into small human bodies although they still had antenna on their heads. It seemed that the butterflies weren't really butterflies and the glittering dust was some sort of anesthetic.


              The last thought that  entered my mind before I succumbed to the effects of the dust and fell into the dark abyss of unconsciousness was that it was strange that Jules was slumping over too when she didn't even have a body made out of flesh let alone one that needed to breathe.
          