Chapter six

        At first Arthur refused to believe that his wife of twenty years would betray him with one of his most trusted knights but when he quietly followed her one day he got irrefutable proof of his wife's infidelity, he witnessed it himself as the the woman he loved snuck into the same room with the man he was mentoring, a man he had treated like a son and as if to add insult to injury the loud sounds coming from inside the room left little doubt as to what they were doing.

        Arthur was one of the bravest men in the kingdom, he would lead his army from the front whenever there was battle, he would face death itself right in the eyes to help a friend or uphold one of his values but that day his courage failed him. Instead of opening the door and confronting them Arthur ran away, he truly loved his wife from the bottom of his heart and her betrayal finally extinguished the bright light in his soul. Years of hardship and toil of running a kingdom , the battles and the pain of losing friends and comrades, none of that had managed to strip him of it but Guinevere managed to break Arthur in one act of absolute selfishness.

         Arthur tried to hide from his woes , he tried to find solace at the bottom of a bottle but alcohol only made the problem worse. One night he was so drunk that he announced to the whole pub that his wife was cheating on him. While he lay on the ground in a drunken slumber the news that the king's wife was cheating on him spread like wildfire until it reached the ears of Guinevere and Lancelot. Now that they knew that their actions were no longer secret they both knew that they were in trouble. Instead of trying to apologize or trying to explain themselves to Arthur they snuck out of the castle in the dead of night like common thieves.

         By the time Arthur recovered enough from his hangover to stagger back home he had decided to punish the two people who had wronged him so but he found that both were nowhere to be found. Unable to find an outlet for his rage and pain Arthur started to drink excessively every night. Merlin tried to help him but some part of Arthur blamed Merlin for what had happened, he blamed Merlin for telling him. Every time Merlin would try to help him Arthur would  lash out at him and their discussion would dissolve into shouting matches.

         Meanwhile Morgana had problems of her own. In twenty years of being with Merlin she had not born him a single child and she feared that he would abandon her for another. She heard of Guinevere's story and it only made her more insecure, it made her worry that if Arthur's marriage could end so abruptly so could hers.The only time she felt better is when she would go to a hidden clearing just inside of the forest next to the castle. Whenever the moon was full she would have this unbearable urge to go to this pool of water she had found when she was young and bath in its sparkling waters as the moon would shine upon her naked body from above. For those few moments she felt less stress and worry as if the moon and the spring were trying to comfort her, as if the water was washing her free of her negative emotions.

         One night she was taking one of her baths when she heard a rustling in the bushes, when she turned around she saw that it was Arthur. Relieved that it wasn't some creature or some other person she smiled at him in embarrassment and asked him to hand her her clothes which were at his feet.

          For a moment Arthur didn't respond, he simply kept staring at Morgana's naked body illuminated by the full moon and decorated by sparkling drops of water. He couldn't take his eyes off the body of this young woman for the same blood that had made her unable to conceive a child for all these years had also kept her young and beautiful. In fact she was the most beautiful woman in all of the kingdom.

           Arthur was drunk and in his drunk addled mind he hatched a plan that he thought would let him get even with Merlin and assuage his aching loins, instead of handing Morgana her clothes he started to take off his own.

            Morgana saw the hungry and slightly insane look in Arthur's eyes and tried to run away but he was a very athletic man and even though he was drunk he quickly caught her and dragged her back to the small pool that was fed by the spring.

             He then proceeded to repeatedly raped her until his lust was sated then he staggered off to find his next bottle of drinks.

            Morgana curled up next to the pool that had once been her sanctuary but as the waters lapped at her feet it only reminded her of the pain and humiliation she had just gone through. Slowly the darkness that had hatched in Guinevere's heart and had destroyed Arthur's goodness started to seep into Morgana's soul.

           Just like how her once clear pool had been polluted by her blood from the brutal rape, her once pure soul was now being consumed by hatred.

            And as she lay there shivering in pain feeling dirty and broken, her dormant fay blood reacted to her emotions and started to boil. The power that had been suppressed all these years slowly emerged and changed Morgana forever


A.n. sorry that this is taking so long but this is actually the short version , only three parts , I was originally going to make it five parts but people don't seem to like it that much so I'm powering through.

        