Chapter eight

         I created a piston between the wooden bars of my prison. I slowly filled it with liquid so that it gradually pried apart the limbs of the tree that were acting as our prison bars without breaking them. When there was enough room for me to pass between the branches, I stepped out of the cage and headed straight for a shadow of a large tree that was growing next to a small pond.

         As I approached the tree that looked like any other in the forest, the shadows around me started to get darker and coalesced into sharp and jagged shapes which then flew in my direction.

        To counter the numerous very sharp and , according to my powers,  very deadly shadows flying at me, I created a porous ball of pure magnesium above me. I then filled the porous ball with ferrous sulfide. When the ferrous sulfide came into contact with the air , it ignited. The heat was enough that the ball of magnesium metal burst into bright white flames. For a few seconds the ball of magnesium turned into what looked like a miniature white star. The bright white light it produced obliterated the shadows around me and for a second revealed a woman standing next to the tree I was walking to.

         Intellectually I knew that Morgana was a beautiful woman but knowing that and seeing her for the first time were two very different things.

            For instance I knew that she had raven black hair, but what I didn't know was that her hair was so fine that when the bright light hit it , some of the light was refracted and turned into beautiful flashes of different colors running up and down her hair like miniature rainbows.

           I knew that she had violet colored eyes, but what I didn't know was that they were like faceted jewels, more beautiful than the most expensive amethysts cut by the most expert of jewelers.

           I knew that there had been some alterations to her anatomy since her awakening, but what I didn't know was that the combined effect could be so breathtaking. Her pointed ears, her angular features, her lips which were the same shade of violet as her eyes, and her strange pupils that turned into slits when the light hit them like those of a cat; it all combined to make something very strange but also something very wonderful.

          I stared at the alien creature in front of me and felt my heart beat faster in my chest. 

          By now I knew the feeling I was experiencing. It had happened enough times for me to know the symptoms. The slightly sweaty palms, the butterflies in my stomach, the inability to take a good deep breath; all classic symptoms of infatuation. I was developing a crush on Morgana just from looking at her.

         I wiped my palms on my trouser and tried to ignore the butterflies in my stomach as I clenched my right hand into a fist and placed it over my heart. I then bent forward from my waist in what my powers were telling me was a proper fay bow before I spoke in a loud and clear voice,

         "Greetings to Morgana, queen of the fay. My companion and I mean no harm to you or your people. We apologize that we trespassed on your territory but I assure you it was purely accidental and not out of malice."

           "It has been many centuries since anybody has called me  by that name, tell me stranger how did you know of my human name?" Morgana's voice was barely a whisper when she spoke but the wind seemed to carry it right to my ears.

         "Before I answer I would like to invoke the rights of hospitality."

         "And why would I agree to that? You have already trespassed on my territory, why would I treat you like a guest?"

          "Simple, in exchange I will answer three questions for you, any three questions that you choose. I swear on my power."

            Morgana stood silently for a second, then her long black lace dress rustled as she approached me with her right hand raised. I grasped her hand in mine and as our hands met in a handshake there was a ripple originating from our clasped hands.

            "Alright stranger, the deal is struck. Hospitality for you and your friend in exchange for three answers to any three questions I choose to ask."

              The feeling of her soft skin on mine was a little distracting so I was a little late when I answered, "The deal is struck. My name is John. It is an honor to meet you, your highness."

               She had a small smile on her violet lips as she said, "Well met John. Well met."

             

  

        
