Chapter eleven


         I told Morgana everything I knew about the soul benders. I carefully explained to her how they were originally parasitic soul fragments that latched onto other souls before completely mutating and twisting their host souls into monstrously grotesque shapes to better suit their purpose which like any disease was to propagate themselves as far and as wide as possible. I told her how they had already destroyed multiple planets and even entire universes with their never ending hunger to consume more souls. I explained how they would sometimes get a powerful enough soul to infect and they would evolve into something far more terrifying than simple parasites, how they would become abominations known as soul benders. I made sure that she knew that even in this higher plane where powerful creatures roamed freely,  they were feared by all that knew of them and that the only reason they haven't spread out and consumed everything in their path was because they were being contained by several powerful beings that have kingdoms bordering on their territory.

        As I was explaining the many dangers that are associated with soul benders which included things like slavery, complete destruction of the soul, and being turned into a mindless monster , Morgana interrupted me with a raised hand.

        "This is all very fascinating but you have yet to tell me what this has to do with Merlin."

         "Merlin's soul is fragmented. The only things on this plane that can manipulate souls are the soul benders so they are the only ones who could put him back together again."

         "Well, why didn't you just say that?"

          "Because I'm trying to tell you how insanely dangerous it would be to try and get one of these evil creatures to help you. Anybody who goes to their territory doesn't come back. Are you willing to trade your people's lives for a slim chance to help Merlin?"

           "Of course I wouldn't risk my people's lives on this madness."

            I felt relieved that my words had gotten to her and said, "That is the right decision your highness. You are very wise to recognize the futility of any actions involving these vile monsters."

            But then she completely shattered my relief when she said, "I'll go there myself."

             Again and again I tried to reason with her and cajole her into giving up her insane quest but she wouldn't budge. She stubbornly refused to change her mind even when the Tuatha Dé Danann and the surrounding creatures begged her to. 

             She stood up from her throne which then disappeared into the shadows. She raised her hand and a pulse of darkness shot out from it and traveled in every direction, silencing all of the fay that had been pleading with Morgana to stay , "I am the Cailleach , the queen of air and darkness. I rule you by right of might, you do not rule me. I have decided to do this and all your incessant badgering is managing to do is raise my ire. Now hold your tongue before I cut off the offending body part and feed it to the crows. I shall go to the land of the soul benders to get help for Merlin, that is my decision and it is final. While I am away Manannán mac Lir shall act as temporary king. If I do not return in five years , he shall become the new king of the fay." when no one challenged her words she turned to me , "Now John, this is my second question. What is the best way for me to get to these soul benders?"

          With no choice but to answer, I told her the truth, "The best way to get to their territory is to travel with me and my friend."

          She  looked at me with a raised eyebrow, "You are going to these soul benders?"

          "Yes."

           "Didn't you just tell me that it is insanely stupid and stupidly insane to attempt to go there?"

           "Yes."

            "Then which are you, stupid or insane?"

             "I'm afraid only time will tell your majesty and if you are coming with us to see the soul benders then I'm afraid you might not like the answer when we find out."



          

         
