Chapter fifteen

     By the time Jules stopped crying and she managed to compose herself, Morgana was returning while pushing Merlin's comatose body in front of her on a wooden pushcart she had found somewhere in the city. I landed the platform we were floating on in front of her. She looked at me with a frosty expression and asked me, "What now?"

     "Now we leave this territory. Here is some pixie dust, I want you to administer some to Merlin every four hours. I have taken the liberty of taking enough pixie dust to keep him under for three years so don't worry about supply, just make sure he doesn't wake up," I created a small bubble to hold Jules, Morgana, the comatose Merlin and myself and we quickly flew past the now empty city of Camelot and towards the horizon. We were flying so fast that everything around us became a blur, "We will reach the border of this territory in a few minutes. The territory we are going to travel to next is a world of water. It is populated by gigantic creatures similar to jelly fish and squid. They are one of the few creatures on this plane that ascended because of sheer physical power without possessing any magic. They are a peaceful race but that doesn't mean that they are helpless, if provoked they can use a variety of attacks ranging from electric attacks to poison."

     As I talked, we quickly traveled hundreds of miles and reached a strange colorful wall. It looked like the surface of a soap bubble. A psychedelic mixture of colors, some that weren't even supposed to exist.

     "This is the wall that separates each territory from it's adjacent territory. Two territories might have a common border but that doesn't mean anything. What is on the other side of that wall is a wholly different world with different rules. Thankfully my power let's me know things so I can tell you if there are any special restrictions when we cross. As I have mentioned before, the territory that we are about to enter is mainly underwater. We will stay in this bubble and I am able to supply us with breathable air. Other than that there are no restrictions in this territory. Are you ready to cross over?"

     Morgana nodded without much enthusiasm but Jules was nearly buzzing with excitement as she jumped around in the bubble, "Finally! We can start our adventure! Am I ready ? I was born ready! Full steam ahead John, I want to see what these giant jelly fish look like."

     Her upbeat attitude was infectious, I couldn't help but to be swept up in her excitement and I started to laugh. Even Morgana who was cold and morose since she let her darkness loose had a small smile on her face, her lips being slightly quirked upwards at the corner as she looked at the angel jumping around with excitement. She turned to me and asked,"Is she always this energetic?"

     "Yes. She is constantly by my side and even when I am waist high in shit and sinking fast, she still manages to make me feel better. She was my first friend at a time when I didn't have any friends. She is the reason that I didn't go insane when the world turned its back on me. I know that she puts my needs before anything else and in the end I have learned that I truly love her from the bottom of my heart. So to answer your question, yes she is always this energetic. She is my little dose of sunshine and I love her dearly for it."

     I couldn't help feeling sentimental when I talked about Jules. I unconsciously grabbed her hand and pulled her close so that we were standing face to face, gazing into each other's eyes.

     In the corner of my eyes, I saw Morgana look at us then turn towards Merlin with a sad smile on her face. Seeing the tender expression on her face as she gazed at him, I didn't need my powers to know that she was still very much in love with him.

     I sighed when I saw that sad scene and I cleared my throat to get rid of the awkward atmosphere that had been created, "Alright then. Let us move forward. We are now about to enter the next territory, brace yourselves."

     The bubble we were in moved towards the wall that looked like a soap bubble and passed through without any obstruction. One second we were in the grassland, the next we were suddenly underwater, in what looked like a deep blue sea. 

     Before we could get used to the sudden shift in environment and get our bearings, a giant bolt of lightning came streaking towards us.

