Chapter sixteen


     The bolt of lightning came crashing towards our bubble but before it could touch the surface, a wall of darkness appeared and swallowed it whole.

     The wall of darkness was obviously the work of Morgana. Her eyes had turned completely black like they were bottomless pits, strange black patterns started to appear on her pale skin, even her voice sounded dark and demonic as she spoke,"Who dares attack us?" When she got no answer she continued,"Do you really think that hiding yourselves will keep you safe? In the deep sea lurks unfathomable darkness and the darkness is mine to command. I repeat, do you really think that hiding will keep you safe?"

     Her voice had a strange quality to it that made it reverberate, it seemed to be calling out to something and that something answered. Darkness from beneath us surged up and formed a swirling vortex around the bubble. I could feel the vortex compressing as it was about to explode to devour everything in the area.

     I quickly grabbed Morgana's hand and shouted, "Stop! This isn't what it looks like. Don't attack!"

     She turned towards , her eyes looking like black holes, her face devoid of any emotions and for a second I thought that she was going to attack me but then she closed her eyes and shook her head as if she was trying to shake something away and her eyes became the lovely shade of purple that they were before.

     "Why did you stop me? They attacked us, why shouldn't we attack them?"

     "Let me talk to them and I'll sort everything out, okay?"

     The vortex of darkness slowly fell apart and returned back into the bottom of the sea.

     Using my power, I knew that the inhabitants of this world were giant creatures that resembled giant squid except that they were much larger and I also knew that two of them were camouflaged not too far from us. I also knew that these creatures didn't communicate using sound like we do, instead they used light based communication. They 'talked' by displaying different colors inside of their jelly like bodies. So I used my powers to translate and displayed two simple messages. One was just a large ball of bright golden yellow and next to it a swirl of green and blue spinning endlessly. Loosely translated it meant <we come in peace> and  <we seek friendship>

     After a few seconds two beings appeared before us. One was as large as a small mountain, shaped like a squid , its whole body made out of jelly like material so it was see through and inside it was thousands of small motes of light that twinkled like stars in the night sky. The other one was surprisingly little, just a little bigger than a normal human. It was spherical in shape and unlike the big one it didn't have small stars in its body, instead it had one big ball of bright blue light right at it's center.

     After a few minutes of staring at this amazing sight, I finally noticed that something was wrong. Chunks were missing from the bigger creature and looked quite hurt while the little one was frantically swimming around it like it was worried about the large one.

    Finally colors started to flash within the gigantic body of the larger squid like creature and I used my power to translate what it was saying.

     <Are you from beyond the great barrier?>

     <Yes>

     <Have you come to hunt us?>

     <No>

     <Good. That last attack has sapped the last of my strength. Hear me stranger who comes in peace, my entire clan has been destroyed. I have but a few hours left to live. I beg of you to take care of my child. I know that you have no obligation to do so but I am dying and you are my only hope. Please, save my child.>

