Chapter seventeen

     
     I knew it was already too late.

     I knew because my power was telling me that it was too late and my power was never wrong, not when it came to gathering information. The damage to her body, and it was a her since the large one was actually a mother, anyhow the damage done to her body was massive, on a scale equal to her massive body. I knew that my powers were too small and underdeveloped to help her in any meaningful way but I tried anyways. My mind kept telling me it was pointless, that what I was doing was stupid but my heart didn't care. My heart only saw a mother dying because she refused to give her child to an enemy. My heart only knew that the child would suffer unimaginable anguish if his mother died. My heart only felt the panic and franticness as the child swam around its mother, begging for her to wake up in their strange light based language.

     No, my heart didn't know logic and at this point my heart was leading my actions, not my brain.

     I gathered as much power as I could muster and started to replace the parts that she was missing. I used all my might until I felt blood dripping from my nose, my mouth, my ears and even my eyes. I didn't stop until Jules started to scream and my head started to hurt so badly that I could barely maintain my consciousness.

     "My God John! Stop! Stop what you are doing! Look at yourself John, you are going to kill yourself if you continue!"

     I smiled sadly at her,"I'm sorry Jules. I will stop now."

     She held me tenderly while I slid down to the ground of the bubble, unable to support myself and stand anymore.

     "What the hell was so bloody important that you had to do this to yourself? Morgana can handle those two, why do you have to do this to yourself?"

     Her rebuke was sharp but her gaze was so tender and worried that it took the sting out of her words.

     "The big one is the little one's mother, she got hurt protecting what is essentially just a baby from hunters after its core. These hunters use the cores of the children to make powerful weapons, the kind that can damage the bigger ones. Can you imagine getting attacked with a weapon made out of the carcass of babies?"

     She looked aghast as thought sunk in, "What kind of sick bastards would do that?"

     I shook my head and sighed, "That is the truly tragic part, the people doing this aren't bad people. They don't even know that these creatures are sentient beings capable of complex thoughts and emotions, they see them as simple magical beasts. In their eyes, what they are doing isn't wrong at all."

     Morgana was pressed against the edge of the bubble, staring at the two strange creatures with a complex expression on her face, "Did you succeed? Did you save the large one?"

     ".........."

     My silence was answer enough for her to understand. I had tried my best but the large creature was massive and I could not really do enough to help her. What I had done was akin to putting a small bandaid on a gaping shotgun wound, completely pointless.

     As we watched, the giant body gradually grew dimmer as the stars in her body disappeared one by one until her body was completely dark. Her body slowly lost definition and finally she simply dissolved until no trace of the the previously massive creature remained.

     The small one stopped swimming around when he stopped sensing his mother, he just froze there looking lost and alone. 

     The light in his center suddenly flashed a bright red then it started growing dimmer as we watched.

     Morgana was alarmed when she saw this new development, "What is happening John?"

     "The little one is too sad to keep on living without his mother. I am afraid that he no longer possesses the will to live and he will die in the next few minutes."

     "Then save him!"

     "I can't! There is nothing I can do!"

     Morgana didn't even hesitate, she cast a shadow inside the bubble we were in and disappeared into it only to reappear outside in the water.

     She swam towards the fading light of the small creature and as she got closer to it, large amounts of darkness started to swirl around her. Slowly a giant squid like shape started to form, similar to the creature that had just perished but made entirely of darkness.

     This apparition made by Morgana gathered the little fading creature with its feelers and brought it close in an embrace.

     The little creature flickered as it hesitated until finally it's core reignited, bathing us in a bright yellow color.

     Jules looked at this scene with absolute shock,"How is this possible? How is the darkness not hurting the little one?"

     I was so happy that I almost felt giddy when I answered.

     "Because the love in Morgana's heart is more powerful than the darkness and she will not allow it to hurt the little one. Jules, it's a miracle!"