Chapter nineteen

     We didn't carelessly rush through the multicolored barrier between territories with minimal preparation like last time. I had learned from my mistake so instead of using my powers to obtain general information on the territory, I used it to scout what we would encounter immediately after we enter. My powers were unable to see the future and I couldn't foresee everything that could happen but finding out what was in the vicinity to prepare wasn't outside the range of my ability. 

     A few minutes of concentration later, I had all the information I needed for the next territory. I used my powers of creation to make small fireworks to get the attention of Morgana and Jules who were playing with the not-so-little Lue (that what I decided to call the infant giant squid since Leucetius was a bit of a mouthful). When I was sure that they were listening to me, I started to explain the things I thought they should know.

     "Alright ladies, I'm about to tell you some important information about the next territory so listen up. The territory we are about to enter is a veritable mutt comprised of deserts, swamps, forests,grassland, icy tundra and any other kind of environment you can think of. The dominant species of this area are called the Ameera. They are a race of humanoids whose life revolve around one thing; battle. Their bodies are naturally very strong, fast and durable but they are not content with their super bodies. They constantly hone their skills by fighting with strong opponents. The reason that the Ameera's territory is full of various habitats is because it closely mirrors the world they have ascended from. Every part of their territory is home to formidable beasts that they love to hunt to increase their battle prowess. They also hunt these creatures to acquire various parts to make weapons and armor."

     Morgana's eyes started to glint with cold emotions when she put two and two together and figured out what I was implying,"So these are the people responsible for the massacre in this area?"

     "Yes, but as I have already told you, they are not doing it out of malicious intent. The Ameera are used to killing magical monsters to make equipment. They are unaware that the sea creatures in this area are sentient beings."

     Jules didn't look any happier than Morgana and my explanation didn't seem to help,"I don't think that matters John. They might not have had evil intentions but that doesn't mean that they shouldn't be held accountable for what they did. They killed hundreds if not thousands of peaceful creatures for what? Equipment? We can't just say that they didn't know and sweep the whole thing under the carpet."

     A part of me was angry too. A part of me wanted to go to the Ameera with guns blazing, to rain down hot flames of retribution on their heads and make them feel the same despair they made the innocent creatures of this territory feel but I knew that this course of action would be foolish. The Ameera had committed atrocious acts because of their greed for power and lack of knowledge but if I destroyed them in the name of justice, I would be a hundred times worse than they were. 

     "Both of you, calm down. We will stop the Ameera from hunting in this region. We will also make sure that they never do anything similar to this ever again but we cannot simply destroy them. We cannot change the past but we can make them see the error of their ways but we will not go in there with our hearts set on vengeance. Two wrongs will not make a right."

     Darkness started to converge around Morgana's body and she stared at me with eyes that had gone completely black," I do not care about your sentimental philosophy. They have done great evil and I will punish them if you won't."

     "No you will not."

     "And who is going to stop me? You?"

     I snapped my fingers and created balls of blinding white light around Morgana making the darkness retreat like a startled cat. The previously intimidating Morgana who was shrouded in terrifying darkness became nothing more than a normal elfin woman with negligible physical abilities.

     "Yes, me. I have been nice to you thus far Morgana but don't take my kindness for weakness. You are not powerful enough to be my opponent. I can defeat you with almost no effort."

     Morgana glared at me with fury burning in her eyes which had reverted to their original violet color, her expression making it clear that she was not submitting even though she was defeated, "You are more powerful so you make the decisions?"

    I was starting to get another headache, "You are the one who tried to intimidate me with your power! We were having a civilized conversation before you went all spooky and aggressive! Unless you are going to make a valid argument then please shut up and stop annoying me. No arguments? Good. Then remember to keep yourself in check while we are in there or I will do it for you, understand?"

     Morgana turned around and swum away angrily with Lue but I didn't follow her. I knew that she needed some time to digest the fact that she wasn't the Alpha in our group.

    I turned around only to see Jules looking at me with a strange heated gaze.

    "What?"

    She looked straight into my eyes and I could see a wild storm brewing behind those beautiful golden orbs. A few minutes later her eyes pulled away from mine and they started to roam around my body as if she was looking at a particular succulent piece of meat. Her wings rustled restlessly as she slowly approached me and her hands began to imitate what her eyes had done and began to explore my body.

     "Nothing, it is just that you are kinda hot when you put your foot down and act all manly. Can you make this bubble opaque please? We are going to need some privacy for this next bit."


