Chapter twenty

     My playtime with Jules had always been vigorous and enjoyable. A combination of her shape shifting ability and endless creativity kept me on my toes, sometimes quite literally since some of the more exotic positions required some cooperation on my part. Having sex with Jules was like an adventure where anything could happen and it was one of the most fun if not the single most fun experience in my life but I found out that sex had a whole new meaning in the upper realm. An almost inexhaustible stamina and perfect control meant that what started out as a short escapade, a mere quickie, turned into something much lengthier. As we were swept away by waves of passion, we lost all semblance of control and simply enjoyed each other's bodies like never before.

     Honestly, I don't know how long we would have continued if we weren't interrupted by the sound of something loudly banging against our bubble.

     We eventually separated our intertwined bodies and after I covered us up with clothes, I made the bubble transparent again only to come face to face with a fuming Morgana.

     "Why did you ignore me for so long? I have been out here trying to get your attention for more than two hours! Have you gone deaf?"

     "Ehm...I apologize. I was using my powers to research some things and I got lost in thought."

     Morgana snorted skeptically, "Riiight, research. I bet you were researching something alright. Now if you can keep your libido in check, I think we should move on to the next territory."

     I tried to deny that anything happened but with Jules giggling behind me, it was completely pointless so I changed the subject instead,"And have you decided to behave reasonably when we enter the next territory or do I have to teach you another lesson?"

     Morgana waved her hand dismissively,"I was a little angry back then and I acted rashly. I promise I will do my best to follow your instructions from now on unless they put my or Leucetius's life in danger."

     Well that was a relief. I really couldn't afford to look after Morgana like a babysitter when I should be focusing on threats from around us. I have already learned that one of the weaknesses of my power other than tunnel vision was distraction so the last thing I needed was a powerful fay queen who was feeling rebellious.

     "Alright then, if you have decided to act like an adult, we can continue on our journey. I will create a ball of water in which Lue can swim in so you won't need to worry about him. Are both of you ready to go?"

     Both Jules and Morgana nodded affirmatively so I wrapped Leucetius in my power and pushed all five of us through the barrier.




