Chapter twenty two

     Now that I had taken my revenge for Morgana's rude interruption earlier under the pretext of teaching a lesson, I decided to eliminate all the dangerous animals that would try to attack us before they had a chance to strike. The moment my powers told me that a creature was trying to make us its next meal, I would send an attack to kill or disable it.

     In this way, we passed peacefully through the swamp even though we were surrounded by various reptiles and amphibians that were capable of devious attacks like poison, hypnosis, bewilderment , confusion, using decoy bodies , illusions and other such methods.

     The Ameera called this place the swamp of a thousand tricks and I could see how it got its name. The animals here weren't very strong but rather their lethality originated from various 'tricks' that they used to capture and kill their prey.

     I carefully navigated through the swamp, carefully eliminating any threats before they became a problem so our journey was relatively uneventful until we reached a clearing devoid of mushroom trees and swamp. It was the first patch of dry land that we had seen since we entered the swamp of a thousand tricks.

     Jules noticed that we weren't moving anymore and asked, "Why did we stop? Is there something wrong?"

     "No, I just think that this is the best place to meet our new friends."

     "What new friends?"

     As an answer to her question, I raised my hand and pointed to the opposite side of the clearing just as four humanoid figures emerged.

     The one in front was a rather large man, almost four meters tall and almost just as wide. In fact he was wearing spherical armor to accommodate his ample girth. He looked like a very fat man but if you took a closer look, you would find that the way he moved contained boundless strength and that he had an almost perfect control of his strength as demonstrated by the fact that the spongy ground beneath him didn't sink even though he must have been extraordinarily heavy. This fat man's armor was an off-white color as if it was made entirely out of ivory and in his hands rested a large hammer almost as large as he was. The hammer had small pyramids like the hammer used to tenderize meat and the thing was covered by dripping blue liquid which my power was telling me was fresh blood. Under his ivory helmet, his face looked like a normal human face. He had bushy eyebrows, long straight nose , the well defined jawline of a cartoon superhero and dark green eyes which were exactly the same color as his skin. All in all he looked like the bastard child of an orc, a roman statue and a hippo which was a very strange combination.

     Sitting on his shoulder was a much smaller woman, only about two meters tall. She was the polar opposite of the fat man. She was very slender and she looked like a light wind could blow her away. She wasn't wearing heavy armor, in fact she was barely wearing anything at all. She was wearing what appeared to be bondage gear, just a few strips of leather placed strategically to cover her chest and crotch leaving most of her light green skin bare. She had close cropped black hair and her facial features were sharp like a sword. She wasn't attractive in the normal sense but combined with the fact that she was holding two whips that were writhing like snakes, she looked like any submissives wet dream.

     Behind the large fat man was a knight like guy who reminded me of prince Arthas from Warcraft except that he was green. He had the same handsome heroic face, same long blonde hair, he even used a great sword and armor that made him look like a paladin.

     Beside him was a mysterious figure wearing a full face helmet and a ragged billowing cloak that fluttered even though there was no wind. The helmet and the cloak seemed to change colors to adopt to the background, making the figure indistinct, combined with the strange way the mysterious figure sped up and slowed down as he moved made him look like he was teleporting instead of walking.