Chapter twenty six

     Kirnatus walked over to me with a large genial smile that matched his large body and chuckled as he saw me struggle to pacify Morgana and Jules. He obviously didn't understand a word of what we were saying but from his expression, he had already formed conclusions on what we were saying which probably weren't very far from the truth.

     "Are you having women problems friend? Are the two behind you your mates?"

     "Ah, women problems? Well, you can say that I guess. The one on the right with the wings is my mate and her name is Jules. The dark one on the left is Morgana, she is my friend and not my mate."

     He extended his large meaty hand out and clasped my wrist in a traditional Ameeran hand shake, "And what is your name friend?"

     I tried to return his gesture although my hands barely reached his palms, "My name is John. Nice to meet you Kirnatus."

     "Nice to meet you too John. Hmm....you say that the little dark one isn't your mate? Do you mind if I take a crack at her? She seems to be right up my alley."

     I nearly had a coronary when I heard that and he started to look at Morgana with naked interest in his eyes. I quickly took a step left to block his view, "Dude, you don't want to do that, believe me. Besides, she already has a mate, he's just injured right now."

     "Is it that old man in the strange floating bubble? When will he wake up?"

     "Not any time soon. He is seriously injured."

     "That's a shame. I really like this Morgana, I feel like she would be feisty. I like them feisty," at this point I was thanking every deity and god on this plane and all of the higher planes, I was thanking them for the language barrier and the fact that Morgana couldn't understand what Kirnatus was saying,"Anyhow, it seems I won't get an opportunity to get her but while we are on the subject of strange bubbles, why are you carrying one of the Morai along with you?"

     When he said Morai, he meant the giant squid like creatures and he was pointing at Lue. I quickly pushed down his pointing hand before Morgana chopped it off and answered his question, "That is Leucetius, Morgana's adopted child. It will not be very wise if you attempt to get to close to him, Morgana is very protective of him."

     Kirnatus was shocked speechless by my answer so it was the woman on his shoulder, Naviel, who asked,"Did you just say adopted child? Do you mean pet?"

     "No, I mean child. This is one of the main reasons we came here. The Morai aren't the mindless magic creatures that you think they are. They are a sentient race capable of complex thoughts and emotions on par with us. We came here to petition your leaders to stop the hunting of the Morai."

     Even Naviel was shocked speechless when she heard that. It took them a little while to recover. Kirnatus finally managed to recover the use of his jaws and he asked, "Seriously? Are you sure about this?"

     "Yes."

     At this time Kirnatus demonstrated that he was a true and earnest friend; he didn't question my word any further, instead he immediately believed me. His face became serious and he exclaimed, "By the gods, this is a disaster. We are massacring innocents! This is an indelible blemish on the honor of our race as a whole! The council should be informed of this before this tragedy continues any further. We will lead you to our city immediately."

     We were preparing to depart when a sharp angry sarcastic female voice said, "Can I get up now?"

     The voice belonged to my newly acquired thorn in my butt, Fael. Kirnatus and I had forgotten about her as we spoke to each other. I walked over to her and helped her up like the traditions of the Ameera dictated. She accepted my hand like she was grasping a poisonous snake and quickly backed up until she was standing next to Lebgar.

     "Thank you for your support. May we always lend each other a hand in times of need." The ritualistic words sounded bitter when she said them. It sounded like she was going to choke on them as they came out.

     I was really regretting my carelessness. Fael was a spoiled little daddy's girl with a superiority complex a mile high. 

     At this point, I would rather have the big beefy Kirnatus as my mate than getting stuck with her.

    