Chapter twenty eight

POV change - Fael

     My name is Fael, daughter of Jorel.

     I am the strongest and most desirable female among the younger generation. 

     My father is the most important person in our society.

     I had everything I had ever wanted and I am everything that I wanted to be. My strength was uncontested among the younger generation. Even my older sister couldn't defeat me. Countless suitors tried to conquer me but I left them all broken and bleeding on the ground.

     One day I was longing around, bored out of my mind when I heard that my sister Naviel and her mate Kirnatus were going out to the swamp of a thousand tricks to strengthen their will and mental fortitude so I decided to tag along with them and take one of my suitors, Lebgar who wasn't very strong but I kept around because he was pretty to look at. 

     We had barely entered the swamp when we ran into them. They were a group of three strange people, one man and two women. They looked similar to us except that their skin was pale and their bodies were frail. One of the women had golden wings and the other one had pointed ears.

     The man of the group spoke cordially and politely to Kirnatus and eventually he initiated a battle to earn our friendship. Surprisingly he wanted to challenge me instead of Lebgar even when Kirnatus told him I was the strongest.

     I quickly rushed towards the weak little man to end the duel quickly and put him in his place. He was just standing there looking quite at ease without a single piece of armor or weapon visible on his body so I was confident that I could easily defeat this weak little man.

     It turned out that I had severely underestimated him. He dodged all of my strikes as if he was a reed gently swaying in a river. When his strike was blocked by the invincible armor that my father made for me, he created a whip out of thin air which burrowed through the ground to attack the only part of my body that wasn't protected by my armor, the soles of my shoes.

     Before I knew it, he had used the whip to root me to the ground. Unable to move, I was defeated without landing a single hit on him meaning that he had completely dominated me.

     I was angered and shocked by the sudden turn of events. I was the strongest and most desirable woman alive and now I had to submit to some weak little stranger because he had used some tricks to defeat me? I was further pissed off when Kirnatus and Naviel started to speak to him as if he was already their brother in law.

     Eventually we returned back to our home with the strangers whose name I had heard and already forgotten. As soon as we entered my father's workshop and I saw the familiar scene of hundreds of people and giant machinery heat, pound, cut and mold different materials into weapons and armors, I calmed down and the hysteria that had grabbed my heart vanished. My worries just melted away because I knew that there was no problem my father couldn't fix.

     When we asked about my father's whereabouts, we were told that he was in a meeting with the council which pleased the stranger very much.

     Once the guards in front of the council room doors saw who we were, they immediately let us in without any hesitation. Inside eleven people sat around a table talking about this and that.

     The council consisted of six of the strongest warriors and five of the best blacksmiths. The head of the council was my father, the greatest blacksmith that the Ameera have ever seen.

     As soon as I saw my father's robust figure at the head of the table, I run over to him crying, "Daddy! Daddy! You have to help me!"

     He hugged me close and asked me, "What's wrong my little sunshine?"

     I pointed at the stranger and said, "This man wants to take me away, you have to save me!"

     My father's expression turned grim when he heard that, "Kirnatus, what happened? Who are these people? Give me a full report."

     Kirnatus reported what had happened honestly and succinctly.

     My father looked thoughtful for a second then he said, "Kirnatus, I want you to challenge this man for Fael's hand. Besides having Fael as your second mate, I shall reward you with a powerful set of equipments."

     Kirnatus laughed and replied,"No thank you. I have seen John fight and he might be the most powerful warrior I have ever seen. I do not know where the family of Ohn hail from but they must be a family of formidable warriors."

     I scoffed when I heard that, "Powerful? This pale weak man?"

     Kirnatus looked at me disapprovingly, "You are young and inexperienced so you might not be able to understand his might but it is still disrespectful and improper to speak about your mate in such a way."

     My father interrupted Kirnatus before he could lecture me any longer," Are you sure that you are unwilling to challenge this John?"
     
      Kirnatus just nodded in assent.

     "Well then, that makes things a little complicated."