Chapter twenty nine


     "Well then, that makes things a little complicated."

      My father then took out a little silver gong and tapped it with his finger making a loud sonorous sound that the little gong shouldn't have been able to produce. The door behind him immediately opened and fifty warriors in gleaming silver armor streamed into the room.

     Kirnatus saw this and looked at my father in confusion, "What is this? What is the meaning of this?"

    Father smiled slyly and winked at me, " 'What is this?' you ask? This is an army, my own personal army."

     Kirnatus's confusion slowly turned into outrage as the warriors suddenly surrounded him, Naviel and the three strangers, "An army? We the Ameeran people don't gather armies unless our very existence is threatened! We do not use numbers to overpower opponents! That is not the Ameeran way! That is not the honorable way!"

      Father sneered at Kirnatus, "You poor naive fool. When are you going to realize that the old ways are holding us back? When are you going to realize that the old ways have been nothing but a burden that was stopping us from growing? Honor? What is that? Can you eat it? Can it become armor to protect you? Can it become a weapon that will stand with you against a foe?"

     Kirnatus shook his head in disbelief. He turned to the rest of the council members and shouted, "Are you hearing this? Do you hear this madman denounce our very way of life? He is trying to free his daughter from her mate by using such despicable means and you just sit there mute like rocks?"

     Kirnatus turned to each and every council member and some by one they all turned away from him, unable to meet his accusatory gaze.

     Father stood up and his mocking expression turned gentle, "Even though you have always been naive, I have always valued you and your strength. Join me and I shall make you the strongest warrior that ever lived."

     "And what am I supposed to tell my conscience so that I could sleep at night?"

     Father smiled craftily, "You said that he wants us to stop hunting the Morai? Well that is a threat to our way of life in itself, isn't it?"

     "Wait, you plan on continuing to hunt the Morai? Even when there is a chance that they are sentient creatures with feelings and awareness similar to us?"

     My father scoffed and started laughing, "So what? Don't other animals also feel pain? They might not be sapient but don't they also posses some sort of intelligence? They are animals, we are not. We hunt them because we have the strength to hunt them."

     Kirnatus spit on the ground showing his contempt for my father then he stood behind the stranger making his position clear,"You have grown mad with power Jorel. This man who I have only met has a thousand times more honor than you do. I would rather die by his side than prosper by yours."

     My father clapped slowly and sarcastically, "Well done! Good performance! You want to die by his side then I shall grant you your wish and I shall also teach you a final lesson; dead men have no honor. Naviel, come here to my side immediately!"
