Chapter thirty

     "Naviel, come here to my side immediately!"

     Surprisingly Naviel stayed on Kirnatus's shoulder and shook her head.

     "Sister, what are you doing? Do you stand with strangers against your own kin?"

      Naviel just looked at me with pity, "Oh dear little sister, you have been polluted by father and his schemes. Your heart has become black with greed and pride. Do you really think I would abandon my mate even in death?"

     "Kirnatus? He is a traitor!"

     "No, he is the only one here besides the strangers with any loyalty or integrity. You should also stand beside your mate little sister. You should reclaim what little honor you have left."

     That made me angry. How dare she question my honor? "Who do you think you are? I am younger than you but I can easily defeat you in battle. I have the love and admiration of everybody. You are just jealous. Jealous of my strength and jealous that father favors me."

     Naviel shook her head sadly, "Do you really believe that? Do you really think that you have any strength without your equipment? Do you really think that father hasn't tried to buy my affection and loyalty with equipment? I refused to be dependent on father's power. I refused to just become an ordinary warrior with extraordinary equipment. I decided to become strong on my own. You on the other hand accepted father's poisoned chalice and drank from it greedily. You accepted borrowed power and strutted around to feed your own vanity. Strong? You? No, you are as soft as a clam within it's hard shell. What are you without your armor? A weak nobody. Why would I be jealous of you?"

     Her words were like sharp words stabbing at my heart but I immediately discarded them as the final words of a spiteful bitch. I shouted out in anger, "Kill them! Kill them all father!"

     Father just gave a simple hand signal and the fifty warriors took a step forward but before they could swing their weapons, the strange man who had defeated me raised his hand, put his middle finger and thumb together and snapped.

     Suddenly my mind was being consumed by an incredible amount of pain and I fell onto the ground unable to control my body. Around me, everybody else was also dropping to the floor like flies. In the end the only people left standing were the three strangers, Kirnatus and Naviel.

     The stranger stepped forward and his entire demeanor transformed from the weak and meek little man to a conqueror. He looked like a wolf among sheep, a predator surveying his prey, "I have tried to be a nice guy. I have tried to solve this peacefully but apparently my goodwill has been misplaced. Now here is how things are going to go. I have planted tiny little things inside of each and every one of your brains. You will announce that you have received define guidance and that the Morai are the children of the war god. If you refuse, you will die. If you continue to hunt the Morai, you will die. End of story."

     When he finished talking, the pain stopped and we regained the control of our bodies.

     One of the warriors behind the stranger raised his sword to attack him but his head suddenly exploded.

     "I am not kidding here. Your lives are in my hands, don't be like the Dumbass who just tried to attack me."

     He hadn't even turned around. There was no way he could have seen the strike coming but the end result was there for all to see. He then sent a meaningful glance towards my father and started to leave.

     My father's face was red with panic, "Wait! What about my daughter? What about her honor?"

     The stranger smiled at him sardonically and spit his own words back at him," Honor? What is that? Can you eat it? Can it become armor to protect you? Can it become a weapon that will stand with you against a foe?"
     
     As I saw him turn around to leave again, I felt a strange sensation in my heart. This man was strong, stronger than any person I have ever seen. He should rightfully be my mate, "Wait! Let me come with you! You are worthy of being my mate."

     The stranger stopped and then he broke down into laughter, "Me? Worthy of you? When has that ever been in question?"

     I was shocked by his refusal, "Are you rejecting me? But I have already admitted that I was wrong! Seeing your strength has opened my eyes and my heart. I love you!"

     He just smiled a carefree smile and said, "Frankly my dear, I don't give a damn."
