Chapter thirty one
Change in POV back to MC

     We had just left the ivory castle/blacksmith workshop and Jules was nagging me about my recent behavior,"I know that you want to be a good guy; saving damsels in distress, vanquishing evil, helping the people in need and all of that hero shit but what is with the pacifist approach you have been taking recently? I mean you must have known that they were assholes with your almighty Google search power and everything. You could have saved us a lot of time and effort if you had decided to act more decisively from the beginning."

     "Jules, have you noticed how the people we meet aren't very powerful? From the warning that Sophia gave us when we had just arrived, you would think that we were nothing more than peons in a world filled with gods. Aren't you curious why we haven't met anybody or anything that was truly out of our league?"

    "Yeah, but what does that have to do with you turning into a hippie?"

     "The areas that we have been to so far might have been part of the upper plane but they are nothing more than the outer periphery. These mini-worlds are small and numerous like grains of sand in a desert, there are literally millions of them and more of them are born every day but on the flip side, some are also destroyed everyday. Some fall because of internal conflicts, some fall because of war's with neighboring territories but most are destroyed when they come into contact with truly powerful beings. I am not talking about monsters or evil men but beings that posses so much power that these worlds are nothing more than anthills and their inhabitants little more than ants. What scares me the most is that I could easily see myself becoming one of those beings as my powers continue to grow. Even now I see that I am comfortable using my power to dispense my own brand of justice and force others to agree with me. What is to stop me from being one of those powerful beings in the future? Aloof and uncaring? What is to stop me from disregarding those that are less powerful than me? I try to keep myself in check but even now I failed miserably. They say that power corrupts, I thought that they meant that power brings out the evil in men's hearts but I was wrong. Power gnaws at you slowly, you become intoxicated by having things under your control, you start thinking that what you are doing is always right and that anyone who is different from you is wrong. You get stuck in a might makes right mentality without even realizing it and you end up being used by your power instead of the other way around. I'm scared Jules. I have used my powers to see what the powerful creatures on this plane are like and I am honestly terrified that I'll turn into one of them. What is stopping me from turning into one of them Jules?"

     I had just barely finished speaking when my head was hit by what felt like a baseball bat and I fell face first onto the ground, I turned over only to see Jules pull back one of her wings.

     "What was that for?"

     "That was for being an idiot. You are asking me what is stopping you from turning into a one of those almighty jerks? Simple, me. Every time I feel like you are acting like a douche bag then I will give you one of these small love taps."

     "Small? You just laid me flat out on my face! How is that small?"

     "Stop being such a baby. Honestly, I don't think you can even be aloof if you wanted to. You are much too fond of whining."

     "Jules?"

     "Yeah?"

     "Thank you. I needed that."

     "No problem. If smacking you upside the head really helps then I will be happy to do it. Honestly, I would be happy to do it even if it doesn't help."
