Chapter thirty two

     Kirnatus bent down onto his knees with a his trademark genial smile on his face and said, "Are you all right friend? It seems that you and your mate enjoy getting rough with each other. I didn't think that a powerful person such as you would enjoy being abused but to each his own I guess."

     I snorted derisively while picking myself off the ground, "I don't want to hear that from you! Do you think I can't see your mate? Do you think I can't figure out exactly what kind of fetish you have?"

     All of Kirnatus's blood rushed to his face in embarrassment but since his skin was green, he blushed purple instead of red, "*Ahem* That is an unfounded accusation. My relationship with Naviel is quite orthodox. We are not into such deviant things."

     Naviel, who was still perched upon Kirnatus's shoulder, used the grip of her whip to tap him lightly on his head, "Deviant behavior?"

     Kirnatus suddenly looked panicked when he saw the stern look on Naviel's face, "No! Blood dew, you know I didn't mean that!"

     Blood dew? That was the Ameeran version of a pet name? Jeez, how romantic. They probably gave each other bouquets of swords and wine served with the skull of their enemies. Now that I was hearing it in my head, that actually didn't seem like a bad idea. Damn it! It seemed like staying with the Ameeran's had some effect on me.

     I was watching Kirnatus stutter through an apology to Naviel while simultaneously trying to hide their kinky habits which was hilarious when I noticed that Morgana and Jules were standing there with blank expressions on their faces, unable to understand a word that was being said.

     I thought that it was about time that I fixed our little communication problem. Luckily the solution was very simple, I created small machines that attached themselves to a person's auditory nerve and translated the foreign language into the person's native tongue, at least that was what I did for Naviel, Kirnatus and Morgana. The implanting process was a little painful but all three of them took it like a champ. As for Jules, she simply took the little machine and integrated it seamlessly into her body without suffering any pain. She was a shape shifter which apparently came with perks when it came to implants and upgrades.

     When everybody finished having their translating implants implanted, they were finally able to understand each other. 

     I looked at everybody around me and said, "Alright everybody, now that we can all understand each other, I think it is time for proper introductions," first I pointed towards Jules, "This is Jules, my mate. She is usually...I mean sometimes...generally speaking...nice? Well she won't physically harm you...that's not quite true. She won't seriously harm you? At least any damage she will do to you physically will pale in comparison to what she could do to you psychologically when she opens her mouth, especially if she finds out about your little hobby Kirnatus."

     Jules stamped her foot in anger, "Hey, I resent that! I am a perfectly decent and pleasant person."

     I rolled my eyes, "Sure you are! You practically sprout flowers when you talk and you fart out rainbows," I ignored the rude hand signals that Jules was making towards me and pointed towards Morgana,"This is Morgana. She is one of the scariest people you will ever meet. If you ever mess with that little Morai behind her or you ever have the misfortune of pissing her off in any way, she will completely destroy you. This is not a joke. If I were you, I would try to keep a healthy distance between you and her. She is not particularly fond of the Ameera."

     I hadn't even finished speaking when Kirnatus approached Morgana, smiling awkwardly and swinging his giant arms around like a nerdy teenager talking to one of the cheerleaders, "Hi, you look very pretty."

     I quickly grabbed him by his ear and pulled him away before something unfortunate happened to him, "This is Kirnatus. He is very honest, at times such as this maybe a little too honest. The one on his shoulder is Naviel, she is his mate. Naviel is the cold silent type so if she doesn't say much to you, don't take it personally. Oh yeah, I almost forgot! The one sleeping in the bubble is Merlin, Morgana's mate. I think that's everybody."
