
A.N. because of popular demand (lots of complaining) I have decided to make the saint and subsequent books a part of a separate series that is related to the science of magic called 'the science of magic universe' and move The king from book 4 to book 2. 

So the lineup becomes - science of magic #1 the heretic
                                              - science of magic #2 the king
                                              - science of may if #3 the paradox

The science of magic universe( notice there are no numbers so its OK to read them as stand alone  but they are all part of the story).     The Saint, The Blacksmith , The Demigods , The Captain

Here is a sneak peak into science of magic - the king.



Prologue


     "My name is Sophia, yes I'm that Sophia and no I have nothing to do with the actions of the so called church, now before you get too preoccupied with your reunion with Jules I would like to tell you a few things. I want you to listen carefully because I won't be here to hold your hand through the next bit and it could get a wee bit dangerous, on the bright side you are one of the only truly immortal beings on this plane but that doesn't mean that you won't get harmed, in fact Jules might have ascended alongside you but as she is a separate being now she can't dull your pain for you so if a powerful being was to let's say vaporize your body a single atom a time you would feel every moment of that and trust me when I say that the mind and soul can only take so much pain before breaking."

      I was a little freaked out by the way she had worded that last part, "That's a very specific example you gave, is that likely to happen here?"

      She just shrugged and continued, " Sure , anything can happen here which leads me to the point I am trying to make, in terms that we can both understand, your powers have been NERFED severely. As I was telling you earlier your powers have increased tremendously and most of the restrictions holding them back have been lifted like for example your solid illusions power has evolved into an outright creation power meaning you can create whatever you want and it will have the properties that you want. Now before you start celebrating here is the part that sucks, although it may seem like nothing has changed on this plane things are happening on a titanic scale meaning that although your powers have increased relatively speaking the amount you can do has taken a large dip. To be exact as you are now you can only make things that are about as large as a decent sized microwave oven. I'm sure you will find a way to increase your ability but until you do it is a pretty severe handicap. The same thing applies to your ability to slow everything down and speed yourself up. The only power that isn't NERFED is your power to get information. That power has grown so that instead of the ether you are accessing the very essence of reality to get your answers but you have to remember that this doesn't mean you know everything. If you don't ask the right questions then you will not get the answers you need. Remember you are no longer the biggest kid on the block , in fact you are the noobie here, you are now officially the runt of the litter and the things here will try to pick on you. Welcome to the big leagues ,John .Well good luck on your journey I have places to go , things to destroy. Oh I almost forgot, stay away from the soul benders, you aren't immortal enough to survive if one of them get their tentacles on you."

       She was about to leave when I yelled out, "Wait! What am I supposed to do here?"

       She looked back at me with a devilish smile and said, "Do what you always do John, stumble around from one mishap to another while turning everything upside down , leaving a trail of chaos and broken hearts in your wake. Just have fun."

        I could hear her snicker as if she was remembering a very funny joke as she disappeared through a glowing door that wasn't there a second ago.

        Why did I have the feeling that I was the butt of that joke.
        
