
PROLOGUE


     I used to think that killing myself and completely erasing my very existence from the face of reality would be the hardest part of my self-appointed mission but now that the time had come, I found myself hesitating for completely different reasons.

     My own little one-man crusade was about to come to an end. All my plans and preparations had led to this one singular moment and all that was left was to follow through with the madness that was the final phase of my project. The time had come to take the final step, to do the unimaginable in the hope that it may lead to something that was currently missing in this world, something that was nearly impossible to find in this ravaged and dying planet ; hope, hope for the future of the human race.

     In a few minutes, I would activate the Chronos program that would become my doom but my demise might just possibly become mankind's final chance for salvation. I thought that I would feel fear at the prospect of complete annihilation but all I felt as I stood there staring up at the breathtakingly eery fluorescent lights that covered the velvety black sky like a midnight rainbow, all I felt at that moment was regret and loneliness. Staring out into the night, I felt like I was drowning in a sea of melancholic thoughts.

     But that was neither here nor there. I needed to focus for what came next. There was no margin of error for what I was about to do, so I did everything to clear my head and to unravel the complex knot of emotions in my heart. I even meditated in the hope that it might free my soul from the jumbled web of emotions that it was caught in when the cause of said web appeared from the doorway behind me.

     "Honey? What are you doing out of bed at this ungodly hour? Come back to bed, the sheets get really cold without you."

     I didn't turn around to face her. My resolution had already started to crumble the moment I heard her wonderfully warm voice, I did not think it would survive if I actually turned around so I stubbornly stared forward, afraid to look back.

     "Look at this so called window Natalia. Isn't it interesting? It is not actually a real window but a screen displaying the images of the outside in real time. Right now I am just looking at an image from a camera but it feels like I'm looking at the outside world. I know that I am not really looking at a real window but , on some level, l let myself be fooled into feeling like I am looking out a window. Does that make me a moron?"

     Natalia's warm voice sounded confused as she replied,"What are you babbling about? You know that real windows haven't been used since the ozone layer broke up into small pieces. What is this about?"

     
