Chapter two

     Kira needed somewhere to stay but she couldn't go anywhere too conspicuous or affiliated with the heavenly way sect after the ruckus she had caused there. She knew that there would probably be no overt action taken to search for her since that would cause a huge loss of face for the heavenly way sect and its patriarch but she wasn't willing to push her luck by going to the cities owned by the sect so she decided to go to a small secular village called White Stone village.

     White stone village was a tiny village located near the edge of a small spirit forest called White Qilin forest. The village was established by gatherers that picked spirit herbs from the forest. White Stone village was actually nothing more than a collection of twenty small huts. It got its name because of the sturdy white stone wall surrounding it.

     When Kira approached the wooden gate set in the white stone wall, the guards on duty were very suspicious because she was wearing a mask but they knew that a lot of practitioners were mysterious and they didn't want to accidentally piss off somebody powerful so they politely bowed down and asked, "Honored guest, can you please take off your mask so that we might make sure that you are not a wanted criminal?"

     Kira was used to situations like this so she already had a story prepared, "I have spirit boil disease. If you don't mind catching it too, I'll only be too happy to take off my mask for you." She then raised her hand to her mask as if she was going to take it off.

     The guards unintentionally took a step back from Kira and waved their hands around in panic, "Stop! Its okay! You don't need to take off your mask! Just tell us your name and you can enter."

     "My name is Xue San."

     Kira gave the fake name Xue San and entered without any other hassle. She went to one of the two buildings in the entire village that was made out of stones instead of mud and straw, a building with a sign that said 'White Qilin inn'.

     She gave a few coppers to the motherly old woman behind the counter to reserve a room for the night and fell asleep the moment she lay down on the bed.
