Chapter four

         
             I stared at the card wondering what was it that I had just seen. I only saw the vision for only a split second and I wondered if I should just forget that I saw anything. Maybe it was just my imagination again. Alexandra always tells us that there is no such thing as monsters so there must be another explanation for what I had just seen. I slowly started to calm down then proceeded to calm down Anna who had started to panic at my non responsiveness. I told her I was fine and just freaking out about the whole adoption thing and that I needed a little rest to process everything.

              I wasn't even lying about the second part, I had managed to calm down a little but I was still freaked out about what I saw. I went to my bed in the communal bedroom upstairs and just lay there trying to convince myself that what I saw was not real, eventually my exhausted mind couldn't take it anymore and I fell asleep.

              Like I have been doing recently I started to dream about a weird place filled with impossible things and things that didn't make sense. There was the stair that looped around on itself, however long I went up or down I never seemed to be able to get anywhere. There was a room where it was dark but you could hear colors, you could hear the beautiful symphony that all the different colors created but my favorite sound was the sound of red. Although it made perfect sense to me when I was in the room ,outside of it I couldn't describe or remember any of the notes . After that there was a room that had stormy clouds in the sky and lightning was falling down everywhere you looked but the temperature was so cold that all the lightning falling to the ground was frozen . I wove my way from impossible place to impossible place until I entered a room that was nothing but unbroken white space that went on forever, it had no walls or interruptions. Logically speaking an infinite empty space should have been black but as I have observed until now, logic didn't mean squat here.

               The only object in this vast uninterrupted space was a lightly glowing ball that was at the center, I know logically an infinite space couldn't have a center but as I said earlier logic didn't mean squat. I floated towards the glowing ball curious about what it was. When I got to a certain distance the glowing ball suddenly got a lot brighter. I felt warmth enfold me like a warm blanket. It felt like I was being hugged by a smile, I know that didn't make sense but hey remember this isn't the home of sense. As the ball got even brighter I heard a large yawn, then a voice spoke into my head,

             < Well hello little one, how did you get in here. I created this place so that nobody could enter. I was thinking of taking a nap you see, and everybody kept disturbing me so I thought to myself 'were can I be that it would be impossible for anyone to find me?'  , the answer was simple , an impossible realm! So I created this place and who should walk in but you little one.>

             If I could describe the voice it would be jovial and happy, it is what I imagine Santa Claus would sound like, I tried to respond to him and it came out in the same thought speech,

              < Hello, I don't know how I got here. I went through a lot of rooms before coming to this place. Do you know what they were and can you tell me who you are.>

              <oh , the things you went through were my dreams, and the closest thing I could describe myself as is sentient thought. Would you mind terribly if I searched through you to see how you came to be here, I am a very curious creature you see.>

              Hearing that voice and feeling his warmth, I knew he wouldn't harm me. In fact I knew that he didn't even need to ask for permission to do whatever he wanted to me, he was a vastly superior being and there would be nothing I could do to stop him but at the same time I knew that if I said no he wouldn't push the issue,< thank you for asking and not simply doing it, you have my permission to do the search I am also very curious how I got here.>

              I suddenly felt invisible hands gently going through my very being, it should have been very invasive but the being was so gentle that it was almost the same as a hand going through my hair. 

              <hmmm.........that's very interesting. HAHAHA ....no wonder you were able to get in the impossible realm, you yourself are impossible.>

               <What do you mean I'm impossible?>

               <Well, let me put it to you this way your conception was impossible, you shouldn't have survived until your birth, or even your birth itself . According to every law in your world you are an anomaly, something that shouldn't exist. As I said before , you are impossible.>

                <But if I am impossible how do I exist?>

                < Think about it, all you see around you is impossible but it exists . Why do you think that is?>

                 <Because you made it exist, wait are you saying that something powerful made me exist? But then who would do that?>

                < You did , little sister , you did.>

                   