Chapter nine


         My power might sound very vague and complicated but it actually boils down to two very simple facts. The first one is that my power is to change things in any way that I want. The second fact is that the physical world doesn't like to change except in very specific ways. Now this may seem like it would completely hobble me and cancel out my power but there is a work around. In any situation there is an element of chaos, of uncertainty. A situation usually has so many unpredictable variables that very few things are actually impossible. The best way to explain it is with an example,

         Let's say there was a deck of a million cards that had only a single ace, if it was shuffled many times in random ways I can make that ace come up every time using my power. But let's assume the same deck was being shuffled and in the middle of the shuffle the ace was taken out by an expert cheater. I can still make the ace come out on top and the cheater would be holding the wrong card, but it would be more difficult. The reason I can do this is that however remote the chance might be there are variables that might cause the cheater to make a mistake. In the final scenario if the card was removed as I saw it and it definitely was the ace that was removed then it becomes an impossible situation. I can still make the card come out on top but the rebound would be horrible, I would probably pass out or worse.

          Like everything there are exceptions. The first is healing something. I can use my powers to heal with absolutely no consequence, that includes myself. Big brother said it had something to do with the soul trying to fix the physical body to its original condition and some other mumbo jumbo that I didn't understand. In the end I can help the soul restore the physical body but if I tried to use my powers to hurt anything with a soul the rebound would most definitely kill me.

         To put it in the simplest of terms I am literally the luckiest bitch in the world and I'm able to heal anybody including myself.

          That was why I was feeling pretty confident as I got out of the car with a nine milliliter pistol in my hands. As I walked forward Kazimir tried to follow me out but his door mechanism got stuck for some reason. I smiled as I continued on my way, I had learned early on that any machine with moving parts can fall prey to my power very easily. People were running away abandoning there vehicles trying to get away from the direction were the shots were being fired. There was chaos everywhere but nobody ever bumped into me even though I was walking in the opposite direction. The place where I was walking was like an island of calm in the sea of running people.

            I was finally close enough to see Sergei who was hiding behind a car shooting at a man who was brazenly walking through the hail of bullets like he didn't have a care in the world. When I finally got close enough to Sergei I saw that his leg was injured and bleeding badly. I doubt he could run away from the man even if he wanted to, which knowing the stubborn man he wouldn't. He turned around to reload his gun and noticed me,

             "What the hell are you doing Sophia? Get away from here! That guy is here to kidnap me , but he will kill you!"

              I ignored his angry shouts and started to adjust my specially customized glock 19 to its semi-auto setting, it was a birthday gift that Sergei got me for my sixteenth birthday. You might say a lot of things about Sergei but he does know what a woman likes. He saw what I intended to do and continued his tirade,

             "Can't you see I've already sprayed him with bullets, he has some sort of armor and it won't get through. Just run away!"

               Sergei was right and wrong, the man wasn't wearing armor. In fact the man wasn't even a man at all, he was one of the Atelli and he was one especially suited for this job. His whole body was covered in scales , even his eyes were covered by a thin film. He was completely bullet proof, or at least he thought he was as he walked confidently towards us.

              What he didn't count on was me popping up and shooting him in the eye, in the very same location fifteen different times successively. One of the things I have learned is that thanks to the nature of my powers , I never miss.

               After he was hit in the same spot four times the protective layering over his eyes broke. I knew fifteen shots would be overkill but what can I say, he hurt my friend and I am extremely vindictive. When the Atelli soul tried to leave his dead host I shredded his ass with my power, it was no longer protected by its host soul and it was never a part of the natural order to begin with so it was fair game for my power.

               When I looked back both Sergei who seemed to have forgotten his leg injury and Kazimir who had glass fragments allover his usually clean suit were staring at me with open mouths.

             I looked back and said, "Would you believe me if I said it was just a lucky shot?"

             
