Chapter fourteen

        
         The yellow center lines on the road passed underneath the Lamborghini Mercielago so quickly that they started to blur into one continuous line as I put more force on the gas pedal making the engine roar. I was just seventeen and not even a fully licensed driver yet, but with a little help from my power to avoid collisions here and there and also to avoid any attention from the traffic police I was flying down the highway at absurd speeds. The feeling I got was indescribable, the rush of traveling at that speed while weaving through traffic like it was a video game was downright addicting. As I heard the engine make sweet sweet music I started to wonder how I was going to make Kazimir let me keep this beauty because I just couldn't imagine living my life without her anymore, I loved this car and I was going to do my damnedest to make her mine.

       Sooner than I would have liked I arrived at the venue where the meeting was going to take place, a fancy hotel and restaurant that had connections , unsubstantiated of course, with the mob. I regretfully handed over my keys to the valet who gave me a ticket in return, not quite a fair deal but whatever. I heard a car coming behind me and when I turned around I saw a man getting out of his silver Porsche . He had sandy brown hair and very striking looks that probably made women weak in the knees , that was probably what he expected when he displayed his bright white teeth at me in a smile but I wasn't fooled , the smile might have looked friendly but it was as friendly as when a shark did it. According to the files that Kazimir had given me this handsome looking man is one of Russia's top assassins. His name was Vadim Grekov and he liked to do his killings up close and personal. His weapons of choice were usually knives and other assorted blades but that wasn't what earned him the name Grekov the butcher. We Russians are a hardened folk, unlike in america or Europe we don't throw around titles like the butcher lightly so when he was called the butcher it wasn't an exaggeration. Aside from killing for money he had a nasty habit of kidnapping young women , torturing and raping them for days and leaving their mangled remains in chemical waste. The police knew that he did it, in most of these cases he was reported to be the last one to see these women but since there was no physical evidence to link him to the crimes he always walked out of the police station with a smug grin upon his face and now he was directing that smug grin upon me.

          "That is one sweet ride you have little lady but I think you should go to another restaurant tonight, this one has been closed for a private event. I can take you to this great little Italian place downtown if you want, best spaghetti you will ever eat even better than in Italy. What do you say? My treat."

           It was chilling to see how normal he looked while saying that, most women wouldn't even think twice before accepting his offer. I tried to control my expression as I returned his smile even if it didn't look even a little real or sincere, "Oh I am here for the private function and I wouldn't have gone with you anyway Mister Grekov, I know better . Now if you will excuse me ,I believe the meeting is about to start."

         He blocked my way still smiling,"Now hold on,that doesn't seem very fair. You know my name but I don't know yours, I think you should introduce yourself to even things out."

         I raised one eyebrow and said,"You can call me Persephone if you have to call me anything at all but Mister Grekov," I gave him a hard look that made it clear that I wasn't intimidated or amused by his actions,"I would rather not associate myself with people like you," I pushed past him and he extended his hand in a smooth practiced move that was deceptively quick to try and catch my arm but I was able to evade him and he missed," and Mister Grekov a word of advice, don't practice your little hobby in St Petersburg or you might find that it is your mangled body that is going to be found dumped in chemical waste."

       Before he could say anything else I was already through the front door of the restaurant , showing my invitation papers to the armed guards at the door. Right past the door was a security checkpoint where a large man with a metal wand told me to take off my jacket . The lobby was nice and warm so I couldn't really complain and did what he said. All the male eyes in the lobby and some of the female ones were suddenly aimed at my chest, but the big man with the metal wand didn't even flinch and remained completely professional which actually made me start to like the giant man. He thoroughly checked both me and my jacket finding all three guns. He looked at the small caliber pistol that looked like a toy in his giant mitts and started to laugh, he then said "You know what, you can keep this one."  and gave it right back to me. I wasn't going to look a gift horse in the mouth so I just said thank you to the giant and put the little gun in my pocket. The other two guns were taken and I was given a ticket that I could use to check them out with my jacket later.

        One of the hotel staff, a pretty brunette with a very curvy body stuffed into a tight dress, led me to a door that had 'reception hall A' on it. After showing me to the door she turned to leave. When she was passing me I couldn't help but to 'accidentally' brush up against her and feel some of her glorious curves. She didn't seem to mind, in fact I could have sworn the switch in her walk became slightly more exaggerated afterwards. I guess I had something to look forward to when this meeting was over.

       I opened the door to the reception hall and entered, it was time to go to work.
