Chapter fifteen

        
         The first thing I noticed when I got into the reception hall was the music, for some reason Luciano Pavarotti was blaring loudly from the speakers. Next thing I noticed were the giant crystal chandeliers hanging from the ceiling. They were an eclectic mix of contemporary, modern ,and classic designs that combined with the colorful and plush rug to create a very beautiful space without being gaudy. There were high backed chairs by the walls of the room, four to a table, leaving the center empty . People in formal wear were walking around , drifting from group to group making pleasant conversation. My thoughts were that it didn't look like one of the biggest collection of killers in Russia, if anything it looked very refined and civilized.

       My aim was to remain as inconspicuous as possible so I took a seat at the darkest corner of the room. On the table there were a variety of drinks but what drew my attention were the files that were in front of each seat. I picked one up and started to read what was inside. 

       I had hit the mother load, the file contained all the information I came here to get . There were the locations of attacks , descriptions from survivors that read like horror stories, and grainy pictures taken from security cameras that showed what looked like monsters attacking people. It seems that the Atelli's cloaking abilities only go so far, when they go all out it appears that their disguise slips. I was digesting this new piece of information when a rough voice next to me said, "Unbelievable isn't it."

       I looked over the file that I was reading to see who it was and was met by a masked face. The man was wearing a nice light powder blue suit ,white shirt ,a silver necktie ,white gloves and a cane with a sparkling blue gem at the tip, but what really set him apart was the full face mask he was wearing that was a blank white with small golden sparrows taking flight from his right cheek.

       He was also listed in the file that was given to me by Kazimir. According to the file the only known alias for the man in front of me was Mike. Known for his colorful attire and different masks, he is usually not associated with the mob or people of that nature. He was more of a vigilante type although he has been known to take contracts on what he considers unsavory people. He had no problem taking money from one bad guy to kill another. According to his bio he was a master of almost every field of combat and also very clever. He doesn't like to brag or try to get recognized , he was very quiet. He does his job and disappears. If he was anything like what the file said he didn't seem like a bad guy so I politely replied, "If this is going to strain your imagination I suggest you go elsewhere , I happen to know for a fact that this pictures are not doctored or fake. This creatures are real and things are going to get very dangerous in St Petersburg ."

        "You seem to be knowledgeable about these 'creatures' as you call them, what are they?"

         "You would not believe me if I told you."

          "At this point I think it would be pointless for me to be skeptical, I will hear what you say and consider it seriously."

          "Alright then, if you insist. These things are a special type of evil spirit that can posses people. You see here in the footage," I showed him the pictures before the monster dropped its mask," that is the man possessed by the spirit. The possession caused him to mutate into this monster, he wasn't transforming into a monster when the picture was taken he was already one, just hiding himself, or rather itself. " 

         "Assuming what you say is true is there anyway to banish the evil spirits and save the person?"

         The fact that he wanted to save the person and not just destroy the monster made me like him even more," Sadly no, the person is already gone , his soul mutilated beyond all hope and assimilated by the spirit to create that thing in the picture. The only way to stop them is to kill them, but that is easier said than done as the mob found out. Look I like you, I am not trying to hog the bounty or anything but I honestly would like you to let this one go, the risks are ridiculous."

          His mask covered his entire face but I could almost feel him smile as he said, "It's rare for people to worry about my well being, especially in these circles so thank you, but this creatures are killing innocents along with the mobsters. They need to be stopped and I am going to do my best to make sure these bastards answer for everything they have done. Oh, I almost forgot what's your name? Mine is Mike."

         "Persephone, nice to meet you mike. It was nice speaking to you, I hope you have good luck on your hunt."

         He was about to reply when we were interrupted by one of the waitresses, "I am sorry to interrupt but Mr Mikailov would like to have a private word with you."

         I thought that the waitress meant Mike , he must have also thought so because he got up and said,"It has truly been a pleasure Ms Persephone, I hope we meet again."

         The waitress stopped him with a raised hand, " I don't think you understand, Mr Mikailov wants to speak to both of you."

          I was very surprised by that, I didn't think I rated a meeting with the boss.

          The waitress saw my confusion and added,"He said to tell you that he thought that your conversation was very interesting."

          It seems our conversation wasn't as private as I would have liked. I got up and followed the waitress together with Mike.

          My 'remain inconspicuous' plan wasn't working out very well but I guess I had to roll with the punches.
