Chapter seventeen

      If I didn't know what it was I would have found its form quite comical.

      The Atelli that had just entered the room looked like a human sized gummy bear. As it slowly waddled to us with its awkward shuffling gait, the lime green gelatinous mass shaped like a bear didn't look threatening at all, but I had a bad feeling in my gut as it got closer and closer. For one thing he was one of the more outlandish looking Atelli I have ever seen and that was not a good thing. The more human like Atelli have weaknesses similar to humans like hearts, brains and other sensitive organs even if they are armored or deformed, this one had no such weaknesses. In fact I could see right through him and there was nothing in there to indicate any vital organs or any organs at all, he was completely clear.

       I put my hand in my pocket to grasp my tiny gun, even though I was sure that firing a low caliber bullet at that thing would be pointless it still reassured me a little and helped me to think. I turned to the fake Mikailov and looked him straight in the eye,

       
       "Listen carefully to what I am about to say, your trap has worked. The one sent to kill you is a man with dark hair , clean shaven and wearing a lime green necktie. Now don't panic, simply inform the guards what is happening."

       "What are you talking about? You have already made your point, you don't need to make up stories to scare me."

        "I swear if you don't do what I say I'm going to break your damn nose, the man sent to kill you is straight in front of you, a little towards your left , I would say around 11 o'clock."

        "Who that guy? He doesn't look that tough." , and the idiot started to point right at the Atelli.

         I was sorely tempted to just walk away and let the Atelli have him. Hell I was tempted to put a bullet in his forehead myself and end his misery, but I was raised by caring people(mother not included , I'm talking about father and the people at the orphanage) and because of that I resisted the urge to shoot the dimwitted bastard and instead focused on Mr gummy bear.

         When I turned back to look at him he had noticed the idiot's pointing and was raising his hand with his palm facing towards us. Looking closely I could see crystalline spikes forming inside his gelatinous arms. Suddenly the spikes shot out his palms towards us, at the same time the double vision I always get when seeing one of the Atelli stopped as the thing's disguise failed and its true form was revealed in all its glory.

         I was going to use my power to make the spikes miss but that became unnecessary as Mike stepped in front of me and deflected the spikes by spinning his cane in quick precise motions, then he crouched slightly in what looked like a martial arts stance, I had to admit he looked really cool doing that. As for everybody else once the Atelli was exposed, each one of the guests took out some weapon secreted somewhere upon their body and started throwing them at the thing. In addition to that hidden gunmen with M-16 rifles started raining bullets at it from the roof and hidden compartments in the wall, but it was to no avail. The bullets and different weapons thrown at it simply entered the gummy bear doing no discernible damage to it whatsoever. They just hung there like fruit in jello.

        He kept shooting spikes at us as he got closer but Mike kept deflecting them with his twirling cane. When he was a few steps from us he crystalized his whole arm into giant blades and leaped at us. Mike was going to step forward and engage the gelatinous monstrosity but I pulled him back as I pointed my tiny gun and took my shot.

       It didn't matter how I used my power, there was no way that I could kill the gummy bear by shooting it, but I wasn't shooting at the gummy bear. I was shooting straight up. The small bullet left my gun and thanks to my power hit the weakest point in the chain that was keeping the giant chandelier above us from falling. When the chain snapped, the giant iron and crystal construct fell down upon the gummy bear , Mike, the fake Mikailov, and me.

      When the smoke cleared, beneath the twisted wreckage of the chandelier there was nothing but a green smear where the gummy bear used to be and miraculously(thanks to my power) three people standing perfectly in position between the arms of the chandelier absolutely unharmed. I had used my power to guide how the chandelier fell and deformed so we could make our 'lucky' escape.

       The people around us were looking at us with open mouthed disbelief. The two men next to me were also frozen in shock and looking at me. I knew it was probably a bad idea not to mention childish and dorky but I just couldn't help myself.

       As everybody was watching I slowly raised my gun to my lips and blew on its tip just like they used to do in old westerns.

        
