Chapter twenty(a little mature content)
       
            The next morning I was sitting on the couch in the living room in my pajamas eating cereal for breakfast and watching TV like I usually do when a news report caught my eye,

           "........Breaking news, the body of a mutilated woman was discovered in a vat of chemicals in the Zenith chemical manufacturing plant very early this morning, live at the scene here is Ivan." The camera then switched from the woman in the news studio to a man in front of a building.

           "Thank you Malvina, the scene was very grim this chilly morning here at the Zenith chemical plant as the police carted away what was left of the body of what the coroner's office confirms was a young woman. The workers came in early like usual and were in the process of draining the vat in question when they discovered the body. There have been unsubstantiated reports that this was just the latest victim of the serial killer dubbed 'the butcher' , I can however report that Vadim Grekov, the number one suspect in these murders has been seen in St Petersburg and is now in the custody of the St Petersburg police."

           "We have reported similar stories before and Mr Grekov always escapes from the charges against him because of the lack of evidence. Do the police have enough evidence to make it stick this time?"

           "It is unknown at this time Malvina, but I sincerely doubt it," then the man put a finger to his ear like reporters do when they get something on their earpieces, " Hold on, I'm getting a live update. It seems like the body of the deceased has been positively identified as twenty five year old Olesya Aksakova." They showed the picture of a pretty woman with short spiky black hair in the top right corner and continued the report , "and unlike the other murders this one had a typed note found at the scene hidden under the large tank of chemicals . It reads, 'What now Persephone?' The police were unable to tell us what the cryptic note meant but are hoping the public will volunteer some information that would help them bring the butcher to justice. Over to you Malvina."

           I dropped the spoon that I was holding suspended halfway to my mouth. I felt completely numb as I watched the report but I was slowly starting to get some feeling back, and that feeling was rage, not the type of rage that burns hot and consumes you but the cold kind of rage that crystalizes intent and makes you focus.

            I quickly got up, went down to the bunker to grab a few guns and some duct tape. I also grabbed the keys to the Lamborghini on my way out. I put on the violet contacts but I didn't have time to re-cut and dye my hair or put on makeup so instead I put on a mask I got for my last costume party. I went as the dark swan so my mask was made out of dark feathers that looked like they were from a raven.

            I walked to the carpark were I had parked the Lamborghini and drove it as quickly as possible to the police headquarters in St Petersburg . Once there I parked across the street and waited. Sure enough the smug bastard Grekov exited the police station with that annoying grin on his face. A man waiting outside gave him the keys to his silver Porsche which was waiting for him right in the parking lot in front of the station. Grekov got into his car and drove away with me hot on his heels. His driving was fast and unpredictable , probably to throw off any police tails, but I stayed on him. I was sure he had noticed me, specially because I wasn't doing anything to hide. I knew that he probably suspected who I was. But I also knew that he was a narcissistic egomaniac. He probably thought that he was going to take me somewhere quiet and do the same things he did to the other girls.

               And as I had suspected we left the highways and started traveling in more and more remote areas until we were in a totally deserted stretch of road. I didn't wait for us to reach our destination, I rolled my window down , took out my gun, and shot his left front tire. He lost control of the car that was traveling at seventy miles per hour and flipped several times before the wreckage came to a stop. I approached the smoldering vehicle pulled the unconscious Grekov out and healed him just enough so he wouldn't die but not enough that he would wake up. I then proceeded to wrap him up in duct tape making him look like a silver mummy and stuffed him into the passenger seat of the Lamborghini.

             As I drove off I called Kazimir and asked him if he knew any places where companies illegally stored corrosive chemicals. He didn't even ask me why I needed it, he just told me an address of a remote warehouse.

            A few minutes later I arrived at said warehouse. I forced the lock open and dragged Grekov inside. The setup was very simple , it was just a wide warehouse full of big barrels . I went to one of the barrels and opened the sealed lid. Inside was yellow sludge that was giving off a noxious smell. I wasn't sure what it was but I was sure that it would be perfect for what I intended.

           I went back to Grekov and roughly removed the duct tape along with several layers of his skin. I wasn't afraid that he would wake up and escape or hurt me . Both of his arms and legs were broken in multiple locations, he could barely even move. What he could do was scream as the duct tape was coming off and the pain forced him to wake up. He then started to blabber,

         "Is that you Persephone, of course it is you. I could recognize that fine ass anywhere. Hell, I was imagining I was banging that ass as I was raping the girl last night. So you are going to kill me by putting me in chemical waste, how very creative."

         "Oh, I'm not going to kill you Mr Grekov."

         "Of course you're going to kill me, if you don't I am going to find you and rape you until you die or is that what you want?"

          "I am not going to kill you, but by the time I am done with you, you are not going to be in any position to rape me or any other girls. You see Mr Grekov I gave you a friendly warning to leave the women in St Petersburg alone but you threw my goodwill back in my face . I originally was going to kill you like you said but now I'm going to do something much worse."

          I participate in many school sports so I was fairly strong and hoisting Grekov's broken body into the barrel wasn't very difficult for me. Immediately the chemicals started to dissolve his skin and his muscles making him squeal like a pig until his head was also submerged and the chemicals entered his mouth , shutting him up. He would have died in a couple of seconds  but I continuously healed him so that he wouldn't die, pass out from the pain or even asphyxiate. I made sure that he felt every moment of what those girls felt and I made him experience it again and again without any pause.

             Seven hours and several barrels later l healed him back to perfect condition, well at least physically. Psychologically he was a broken man. In his eyes there was nothing but pain and horror. He was trapped in a perpetual nightmare unable to perceive the world around him. He couldn't talk , he couldn't even move. He was completely catatonic.

             I looked at the slobbering mess that I had made out of a living breathing person and I waited for the guilt and disgust to come, but they never did. As I stood there I knew what I had just done would be characterized as evil and inhuman.


             But you know what?

              Fuck it, I wasn't completely human to begin with anyway.



