Chapter twenty four

        As the gloved hand pulled me back, I imagined scenario after scenario of getting tortured and killed by the Atelli . I started to struggle against the person who was dragging me backwards and thanks to a little application of my powers his foot slipped a little and he fell on his ass but what I didn't count on was him being able to hold on to me as we fell , pulling me on top of him.

           In the end we somehow ended up with me on top with my right knee jabbing into his stomach causing him to grunt. In our new position I was finally able to see who had snuck up on me and to my surprise what I saw wasn't an Atelli but a familiar white mask with small golden sparrows taking flight from the right cheek. I calmed down considerably when I saw that it was Mike until I remembered that I wasn't wearing any disguises when I went out to follow mother, hell I didn't even bring a gun. When I saw her leave I just jumped into dad's old Volvo and followed her.

          So now I found myself in a very delicate situation, I can't let anyone know that Persephone and Sophia are the same person. While I was having a mini panic attack Mike managed to get control again and I let him drag me to an ally a few meters away. Thankfully our little tussle hadn't attracted the attention of the Atelli and now we were far enough away that we could have a conversation. Before he could say anything I did my best spoiled dumb blond impression and said,

         "Please , don't hurt me. You can have my purse it's in my car , here are the keys. Just don't rape me because I totally have crabs and if you rape me you'll get them too."

          "Please calm down, I am not here to rob or rape you."

          "You're wearing a mask and grabbed me from behind . That's totally creepazoid behavior.  If you aren't going to rape me, then why did you sneak up on me? You aren't like one of those monster people are you, because if you are I promise I won't say anything to anybody if you let me go."

             "You know about them?"

             "Duh, why do you think I am here? I followed my father obviously. Hey does that mean I'm half monster? That would be totally uncool because if I grew tentacles I'm sure my boyfriend would dump me and go out with that bitch Tanya."

             "OK miss , can you please tell me your name?"

             I started to twirl my hair on my finger, "Why do you want my name? You aren't hitting on me are you? I mean you have a pretty awesome body and from what I felt as we were going down your package is more than acceptable , like totally more than average but I can't date a guy whose face I can't see. I mean hello, what if you turned out to be ugly, but then again you could look like George Clooney or something. Just take off your mask so I can see. Why are you even wearing it anyway, you aren't disfigured or anything are you? Or is it some sort of fetish thing? I guess it could be pretty kinky, I could imagine whoever I want if I did it with a man wearing a mask and I didn't know what he looked like, I mean I could imagine he looked like Zach Effron and it would be easy because for all I know he does look like Zach Effron. Hey, do you think people already do this or we invented something new?"

            I could almost see his patience stretch then snap as I continued to bombard him with nonsense,"Alright Miss you don't have to tell me your name , just stand still as I take your photo." He then took out his cellphone to take a picture.

           Just when he was going to take the picture I moved my head to the right, blurring the photo that he took," No way, that isn't my best side. If you are going to take my picture , you should take one of my left side." When his phone was just about to click I moved again, with the help of my powers my timing was impossibly perfect,"wait, I have a great idea. Let me pose for you. OMG I just got the greatest idea , we should go inside and I'll take off my coat, my boyfriend always says my boobs are my best assets...."

         As I had hoped before he could get a good picture of me, we heard tires squealing as a car left. He hurriedly left , supposedly to follow the vehicle but some part of me thinks it might just be to escape from me. I stayed in the ally until I saw my mother leave the warehouse a few minutes later with only beanpole for company, I guess Mike went after glasses. I went to the other side of the maze of warehouses where I parked my car and slowly drove home.

            
         That was way too close.

          Like totally too close.