Chapter twenty nine

        I was checking through the sniper scope for the third time when I saw the three SUVs approaching. I assumed that these were Vladimir's men coming to take back their turf. They parked their cars outside the chain link fence and five men got out of each vehicle holding high caliber rifles like i suggested. They were cutting a hole through the fence with a bolt cutter when a loud shot rang out and one of the goons fell down with a hole in his back. It seems I wasn't the only one who had the idea of using snipers to eliminate the enemy from a safe distance.

       Kazimir expected something like this to happen so he had attached a very special scope to the sniper I was using. It combined infrared heat vision and a new terahertz night vision to make a very useful scope. I used the infrared to track the trajectory of the bullet before the heat dissipated and the terahertz night vision to see through the walls of the building were the enemy shooter was hiding. I wasn't sure if he was Atelli or not but the second shot of the day ended the enemy sniper's life.

       Then the next part of the battle began as the Atelli finally decided to come out of the office building that had a brand new sign that said Fairweather Tech on it. As I have mentioned before , the Atelli are all different and as such their strength, power, and defense varies wildly from each other. When the goons opened fire on the Atelli they managed to take down one that looked like it had no skin, just writhing flesh and another one that looked almost normal except for its multiple clawed arms, before the Atelli wised up and started to take covers behind the large cranes that were used to load and unload shipping containers , and behind the shipping containers themselves. I decided to take out those that looked like they could cause trouble for the goons.

        The first one I decided to shoot was the one that looked like a bulky praying mantis, his thick exoskeleton looked like it might even stand up to my armor piercing bullets but unfortunately for him his head wasn't so resilient and it literally vanished when a .50 caliber bullet obliterated it.

        Another one that I went for was one that looked like a frog. Its skin apparently had the ability to camouflage itself like a chameleon and because of that it managed to sneak up on one of the goons and spit something on him that made his face melt off. When I shot it the frog like Atelli exploded like a fat zit , spraying the same caustic material and melting its surrounding.

         The goons were doing pretty well, except for the man whose face was melted off and the guy who was shot at the very beginning they hadn't taken any more casualties. They had eliminated several more of the Atelli and were about to finish off the last five when metal spikes took out five of them simultaneously, changing the tide of the battle yet again.

          I shifted my scope to see what the source of  the spikes was and I saw a man made out of shiny black metal, all the different metal panels and plates made him look like a freaking transformers robot. A few shots confirmed that while the high powered bullets could push him back and make him stagger even hitting him at the joints didn't allow the bullets to penetrate the armor, they just bounced off. With his face completely covered he didn't have any weak spots I could exploit. I kept shooting at him to push him back from the goons and help them escape, then I had an interesting idea. The remaining five Atelli had figured out where the sniper fire was coming from and had taken appropriate cover , maybe they weren't as safe as they thought. I shot the metal Atelli again, making him stagger then I shot him again. The bullet left the barrel of my sniper traveled to the metal Atelli ricocheted off one of his shoulder plates and right  between the two large horns of a bright red Atelli and into its forehead while it was taking cover behind a crane.

               Now that I knew it was possible I used a similar method of bouncing bullets off the metal Atelli to finish off the other four. When I was done the only Atelli left was the metal one. Before he could get over the confusion of being shot and spun so many times I opened the second case which contained an american made Javelin surface to air missile.

              This was a very interesting piece of equipment that had an auto-lock infrared homing guidance system. The name javelin originates from its ability to fly straight up and fall down on the top of a target where the armor is usually thinner. It was designed as an anti-tank weapon and I thought it would be perfect for this situation.

              I engaged the auto-lock function and it quickly locked on the Atelli. When I fired it the rocket left the tube with a whoosh and then the engine engaged sending it upwards into a projectile path that ended when the warhead impacted against the Atelli's head in a massive explosion.

              After the fire caused by the explosion died down the Atelli who was now missing an arm and most of his left leg was still twitching. I knew that the Atelli were tenacious bastards and must not be allowed to live so I decided to try out another theory. It was already a stormy day so I manipulated the probability a little so that the positive charges under the metal Atelli would be a little more concentrated than the surrounding area, this in turn attracted the negative charge from the stormy cloud and BAM, what was left of the Atelli was obliterated by a massive lightning strike.

       Now that all the Atelli had been eliminated , I quickly packed up all my equipment into the van and drove away before the police could arrive.

       While I was driving home a song came on the radio station that made me laugh my ass off.

         It was AC/DC's thunderstruck.
