Chapter thirty seven

            The night was pitch black and it was snowing heavily as I drove to the warehouse. I parked the van to the left of the door with the back facing it at an angle so that I could ambush anyone coming out without bullets flying inside and accidentally killing Sergei. I could probably do something about that with my powers but why take the chance?

            
             I opened the backdoors of van and settled myself behind the heavy machine gun. My breath was turning into mist as the freezing cold air invaded the back of the van and I started to throw pebbles at the door of the warehouse. The plan was very simple, I lay in wait outside of the warehouse and threw pebbles to make noise, if an Atelli came out I would unload my giant gun on them. A few seconds later the door opened and an Atelli walked out just like I expected. It was one of my mother's lieutenants, the one that looked like a skeleton made out of glass and he nonchalantly walked out like he didn't have a care in the world, right into my cross hairs. 

            I pressed the trigger and the whole van started to vibrate as the M2 started to spray 1200 rounds per minute. Spent casings fell like rain as bullets accelerated to speeds of up to 890 meters per second when they left the muzzle with a bright streak, lighting up the darkness like tiny comets in the night sky and every one of them landed on the skeleton that looked like it was made out of glass but instead of shattering him, they created bright sparks as the fragile looking bones deflected the heavy bullets.

              They might not have been able to break his bones but they were still fifty caliber solid lead slugs traveling at more than eight hundred meters per second, they packed one hell of a punch so the skeleton was violently flung onto the snow covered ground. I continued to shoot him until he was buried deep into the snow. When I had finally run out of bullets a voice from the warehouse called out, "What the hell is that infernal racket? Do I need to get out there Arthur, do you need some help?"

              The skeleton raised himself from the hole he had made in the snow, apparently unhurt, "It's alright Albert, I can handle this one alone. Besides, it's been a while since I've had to stretch my bones and I'm getting creaky , this is just what the doctor ordered."

               His bony fingers melded together and his forearm lengthened and thickened transforming his hands into two very large crystalline blades with jagged edges that looked like they were made to tear things apart. I quickly got out of the van and took out my fans. The skeleton who was charging at me suddenly stopped and started to laugh, "Seriously fans? Bullets didn't work on me and you think those will? What are you going to do, wave them at me until I freeze to death?"

              "Why don't you come here and find out , Atelli scum." The word Atelli seemed to really piss him off and he resumed his charge . He finally reached me and the fight begun.

              He had much more power than me and his hits packed a bigger punch, his reach was also longer so he could get to me before I could get to him but since he was used to being 'indestructible' he had almost no technique and didn't even bother to avoid any of my attacks.

             I on the other hand was much faster than him and used all my technique to attack him. I spun around the skeleton , never giving him a chance to get a direct hit. Every time I would dodge his attacks he would get more and more enraged , making his attacks more aggressive and sloppy. I on the other hand was careful, methodical.His body was so hard that I couldn't cut straight through even with my special fans so I didn't foolishly attack him every time there was an opportunity, instead I systematically cut small nicks at specific points on his body that he didn't even notice in his enraged state. His temper seemed to reach its peak as I dodged another of his strikes and he bellowed, "Stop dancing around like a circus monkey! Stand still and fight me!" And he followed that up by a careless lunge overextending himself. I thought that this was a perfect opportunity and decided to finish him off.

             I had weakened his bones at specific locations just enough that when I sliced at these points with full force my fans went right through them. I dodged under his wild swing and hit him with five rapid attacks causing the skeleton to literally fall apart as his arms, his legs, and his head was separated from his torso.

            His final words were, "How?"
   
            "You are strong and tough but you aren't very smart. Brains over brawn buddy, brains over brawn."
