Chapter forty 

             I picked myself off the ground for the eighth time in a row and healed up all the injuries that I had received during my most recent fall, it had become automatic at this point. I kept dodging the Atelli's attacks but the blast from the little glowing balls of destruction was not something I could avoid so I tried to minimize the amount of damage they inflicted , healed myself and moved on because staying still would be a death sentence. Moving around and dodging have been keeping me alive for the last five minutes but I didn't think that it was going to work for much longer.


            The glowing blue balls inside of the floating ball of smoke started to revolve around each other and merge into one large glowing orb , it seems that the Atelli was tired of our little game of cat and mouse and had decided to end it with one giant hit. If he managed to land that giant orb anywhere near me I would be dead, no ifs or buts about it, so I had to do something before he was able to release it.


             I looked around me desperately and all I saw was the burning husk of the van and small craters where the blue orbs had hit the ground. There was nothing I could use to get myself out of this jam. I took inventory of what I had on me and all I found was one fan stuck in my belt, I had lost both guns and a fan when I was blasted out of the warehouse. I looked at the silver blue fan and wondered if this was the end of the line for me, but I have never been a fatalist and I wasn't going to start now. I grit my teeth and wracked my mind for an idea , any idea that could save my life.


             While I was looking at the fan a crazy idea started to materialize in my head. The fan reminded me of the wings of a monarch butterfly and that invoked a memory I had of the first time I saw one. It was back in the orphanage and I was going through the phase when I found bugs fascinating. That day I had found the giant blue butterfly and excited by my new discovery I showed it to my friend Anna who just looked away and said that insects were too small to be important. I had been heartbroken and I cried all the way to Victoria to tell her about what had happened. She had heard what I said ,wiped away my tears and then scooped me up into her arms. She smiled at me then told me that the fact that something was small didn't mean it was unimportant. She told me the story of how a butterfly flapping its wings in China could cause a big storm in America.


            As I looked at the fan , I thought maybe today I could be that butterfly.


            I took my fan and swung it in a massive arc as hard as I could. Normally the air molecules are moving randomly and the chaotic motion would cause the energy in the wave of air I created by waving my fan to dissipate quickly, but I made sure that when the wave was passing through a stretch of air at that exact time interval all the molecules were moving in the same direction magnifying it exponentially instead of dissipating it. For every inch it traveled it gathered more and more force.


            By the time it reached the Atelli it had transformed from a breeze to something comparable to winds found inside of the strongest tornadoes. When it hit the ball of smoke he was blown out like a birthday candle. He lost control of the giant orb he was making and it detonated while it was still inside him destroying what little was left of the Atelli. 


           The three souls that were being kept prisoner were finally free and they slowly faded away, I said a little prayer for them and hoped that their next lives would be better than this one. As for the Atelli fragment that was trying to escape , I quickly trapped him with my powers but I didn't simply destroy him like I usually do, I had a special plan for this one. I slowly cutout little pieces of him in a similar way as he was doing to the souls he trapped. Piece by piece I shredded him and I could have sworn that I heard a tiny scream coming from him. It took only ten minutes to shred him until there was nothing left, I could have made it last longer but I had to rescue Sergei.


            It was much less than the bastard deserved but at least for a few minutes he experienced a little bit of the hell he made those people go through.
