Chapter forty one

           I slowly walked towards the warehouse , picking up some of my fallen items along the way. I found one of the guns , the desert eagle , and some cartridges for it so I reloaded it and kept it in my right hand. I also found my other fan and I stuffed it in my belt right next to its twin.

          I had my gun raised and ready when I entered the warehouse but the demonic looking lady did not try to attack me like I expected , in fact she was huddling behind Sergei trying to make herself as small a target as possible. I could hear her throaty voice coming from behind Sergei saying , " You have to save me honey, she is going to kill me if you don't stop her. You don't want me to die , do you sweety?" 

         Sergei still had that same dopey expression on his face as he replied, "I won't let her get you baby, nobody is going to hurt you while I'm here." 

          He puffed up his chest and stood in front of me covering my line of sight to her and blocking me from having a clear shot. I could have probably found a nonviolent solution to make him move but I had just spent the last ten minutes of my life being thrown around, I had to heal myself from several painful injuries including burns and broken bones which hurt like hell, I was barely wearing any clothes since the tattered remains of my jeans and T-shirt didn't cover much skin, to top it all of it was freezing outside and I was constantly healing myself from frostbite. I was having a really really bad day so I didn't have the time or the patience to deal with this shit. My solution fit my mood at that time perfectly, I shot his foot.

          He collapsed holding his foot and started to roll around the ground screaming like a little girl but I was just too damn tired to care. I turned my gun towards the demonic looking lady whose eyes had popped out in shock at the sudden development.

         "I am pissed as hell and you just made me shoot my friend , I really want to shoot you right now. You have two minutes to convince me to spare your life, talk."

         Even though she looked terrified and she had my threat hanging over her head she didn't panic or stutter as she explained herself, which kind of impressed me a little, " I was as much of a prisoner as your friend, the man you just fought had a contract on me so I couldn't refuse when he told me to snare the boy."

        "OK , that buys you five more minutes , elaborate."

         "He used magic and ordered me to make the boy fall in love with me, it is as simple as that."

         "Let's say I believe you, what exactly are you?"

         "What do you mean? I'm a normal girl, why would you even ask that?"

         "No dice , nice try but your little lie just cost you two minutes of your precious time, you now have three minutes left and if you lie to me again I'll just shoot you. Now I repeat , what are you?"

         She had sweat running down her forehead as she answered, "I'm a succubus , they summoned me to trap the boy."

         "So are you really an evil demon from hell?"

          She actually looked offended for a second which convinced me of her answer,"I am a demoness from the lust circle of hell but that doesn't make me evil , we are just wardens of a prison."

         "Good, now this is important, can you release Sergei from your brainwash thing?"

          "He's already free , when you shot him you broke all control I had of him."

          "How long does it take for you to control somebody."

          "My technique is a combination of hypnosis and pheromones, it would take about a month depending on the amount of time I spent with the target." Her disguise remained as cool as a cucumber but her true form started to fidget a little exposing her lie.

           I raised my gun and cocked it for dramatic effect even though it wasn't necessary for this gun, "What did I say about lying ?"

           She raised her hands and shouted," Wait! Don't shoot! I wasn't lying , it does take me a month to snare a new target but if somebody has been under my influence before then I could put them under my control at any time."

           "This one is for the grand prize, how do I trust you? You lied to me twice in as many minutes , how can I let you live without knowing what you'll do once I let you go?"

           She slowly considered her options and I could see her eyes fill with determination as she made her decision , " I pledge myself to you by my true name Delilah Lithafora to serve and to protect until I die or I am released by you."

           I felt her words resonate inside my soul as a connection was created between us and I knew that she had just made herself my slave willingly. I lowered my gun and looked at her quizzically, "Why would you do something like this?"

          She laughed for the first time since I met her and it transformed her already beautiful face into something breathtaking. Then she said a something that made her decision make sense,

         "The worst day on earth is better than the best day in hell, if I have to be your slave to stay here then so be it."

          And that was how I got my pet succubus.
