Chapter forty six

       Once I was sure that everything was going to be fine in St Petersburg it was time for me to leave. Kazimir had gotten some information that Fairweather tech was opening a new branch in Oslo Norway ,added to the fact that my mother was on her way there before I killed her we suspected that the best place to be to mess with their plans would be there. 

       I informed my father that I was going to take a break from school to go around Europe to visit universities I would like to attend, he was cool with it and I could tell he was a little relieved that he could now have his lady friend visit without things getting awkward. 

       A few days later I was at the airport with Delilah getting ready to board a flight to Stockholm Sweden. We could have gotten into a direct flight to Oslo but there had been a terrorist scare in Oslo airports and they had clamped down on security, I doubt that the fake passport that Kazimir had gotten Delilah would have passed their new and more stringent security checks so instead we decided to take a plane to Stockholm and then take a train to Oslo. 

      We went through security with no problems, the only weapons I had on me were the fans and they looked like they were made out of cheap plastic. We boarded the plane without incident and sat down in our first class seats enjoying the great food and watching an inflight movie, or at least I was, halfway through the movie Delilah interrupted me with a hand on my thigh,

      "Hey I'm bored."

      I was exasperated by her attitude, "Its not even that long a flight, just watch a movie."

      "But the movie is boring. I want to do something else."

       "What could you possibly want to do in the middle of a flying plane."

       She gave me a devilish smile, "Do you want to join the mile high club?"

       "I thought you said you didn't need to do that."

       "I said I didn't need to do it , I never said I didn't want to."

        I quickly forgot about my movie and accepted her request. 

        In the end I was very glad that I did.

     *         *         *

       We both left the airplane with big smiles on our faces and drawing a significant amount of attention from our fellow passengers. Apparently the toilet wasn't very sound proof and we hadn't exactly been very quiet. I didn't really care though because being with a woman who had a tail had been a mind blowing experience for me.

       As for Delilah she said that the emanations from my soul had been the most amazing thing she has ever consumed. In fact by the end of our little session she looked a little tipsy and unsteady on her feet although that could have been due to a different reason.

       We quickly took one of the taxi's outside of the airport to the designated train station where our train would be leaving in twenty minutes. We arrived at the train station just in time to board our train. We had already booked our tickets online and they were golden tickets, meaning we got our own private car with comfortable looking stuffed chairs and even beds to sleep in if we felt tired.

       We ordered some lunch as we left the station , I enjoyed a very delicious quail while the vegetarian Delilah had Rosti casserole with baked eggs although I thought that eating eggs was technically cheating.

       After I was finished eating the quail I lay on one of the beds and continued reading the book I had started a while ago before all this craziness started but again I was interrupted by a hand gently resting on my thigh and a sexy throaty voice saying, "I'm bored again."

       I looked up from my book with an incredulous expression on my face, "You're kidding right?"

       "Nope. Do you want to join the inch high club?"

       "That's not even a thing!"

        "We could make it a thing."

        I sighed and bent the edge of the page I was reading before closing my book, I doubted I was going to do any reading done on this trip.
