Chapter fifty

      The soul is an interesting thing.

       The soul is part of the physical world yet it is also apart from it. It cannot be affected directly by physical means yet it could affect the material world under the right set of circumstances. Over the years of healing people I have developed some insights into the soul, I have seen that the soul is a reflection of our basic selves without disease ,injury or even the blemishes of time. When I peer into a person's soul I see an image of their 'perfect' selves. But that doesn't mean that the soul itself couldn't get injured. Although the soul is very resilient and wants to keep its pristine condition several things could mar it irrevocably. Some of the children I had seen in the children's hospital had never been healthy in their lives so their mental image of themselves and the traumatic experience they go through everyday had slowly started to degrade their souls, but those were only extreme cases and I was able to reverse the effects even if it nearly killed me. The point is that if a person's soul has been scarred in some way it must be the result of something very very bad. Another thing I have learned about the soul is that it constantly produces energy which it sheds off, I am able to perceive this emission as shades of light. When you are feeling a certain way it would change the 'frequency' of the energy that you are shedding. For example when you are feeling lust you emit a certain 'frequency' of energy and I am able to perceive that energy as the color pink, incidentally this is the type of energy that Delilah is able to consume for sustenance. 

        The point is that when I use my 'soul sight' I have a minor insight into who that person is and what he is feeling at the moment and what I saw when I was looking at Brenda was terrifying. On the outside she was a cheerful looking forty something year old woman , on the inside she had bruises all over her 'soul body' even though her physical body was completely fine. What kind of abuse must she have gone through to have her very soul be marked so severely by it? The light she was emitting at the surface was a bright yellow but beneath the surface darker colors roiled like leviathans beneath the calm surface. Dark blues of depression , deep red of anger and the tar black of hate swirled around in violent storms but then they were collected and drained away as quickly as they appeared by a glowing silver inverted pentagram that was etched over her heart on her very soul. The pentagram took all these negative emotions and gathered them into a ball of energy that pulsed near her navel area.

       I was stunned by what I was seeing from this 'psychologist'. She was more damaged than anybody else in this room, hell she should be in therapy not leading a support group and what was that inverted pentagram on her soul, how did it get there? And what about that pulsating ball of energy? I had to find out what was going on so I let her drag me into the room.

      Inside I saw several women, some of whom were wearing large sunglasses and hats like me or even scarves wrapped around their faces to hide their bruises or identities. On the other hand there were also members that showed their faces openly and even wore short sleeve shirts to show their bruises and scars as if they were badges of honor. When I scanned them none of the women here were messed up enough that it affected their soul like Brenda but the ones who were displaying their injuries proudly had vague shadows of a pentagram forming on their hearts. They also had more of the darker emotions emitting from their souls than the others.

       When we were all finally seated Brenda got up on a small podium and started to speak. She was passionate and said things that sounded right but if you listened very carefully her words carried an undercurrent of hate for all men. She jokingly called them several insulting names , making them out to be mindless brutes with only money, power and sex on their mind. She was supposed to be helping this women get over their hatred and pain but she systematically poked at their wounds and made them think of their painful memories. When all them were angry and their souls were dominated by darker emotions , silver strings started to extend from the pentagram on her chest and connected to everybody in the room except me and the Atelli. Slowly shadows of a pentagram started to appear on the hearts of the women who were hiding themselves and the pentagrams on the ones who were not hiding became more and more pronounced. 

        As her speech continued Brenda's true hatred towards men started to show as she openly began to blame men for every evil in this world. In the end she was speaking with such fury that spit was flying everywhere. She finally concluded her speech and her audience seem to wake up from a trance and started to applaud wildly.

       I had no idea what was going on here but I had a bad feeling about this.

A.n. this post is dedicated to antkiller and skullcrusher , the only people who bothered to comment on my last chapter.
