Chapter fifty one


       Even though I did not know what was going on I had a feeling that it was probably a good idea to arm myself with a few guns before shit eventually hit the fan so I talked to Brenda about the next meeting and got out of there before she noticed that I wasn't affected by her 'speech' like everyone else who were milling about discussing what she said and quoting their favorite parts to each other.

       Now the issue of guns was a difficult one because I wasn't able to smuggle any into the country and Kazimir was also unable to provide me with any options that wouldn't immediately expose me to the KGB except one, the fairy. He was a French gunrunner who made his home in Oslo. He used to be called Pier but he had an 'awakening' about who he is and converted his name to Angelica, problem was he was an eight foot tall muscular man who didn't look feminine even after all the surgeries and layers of pink clothing. In what I assume was a desperate need to assert his feminism he started wearing expensive wings that he had custom made with white dove feathers to look like an angel's wings. He thought that because his new name was angelica and he wore an angel's wings it would earn him the name 'angel' but everybody just called him the fairy although he doesn't appreciate that fact so people doing business with him called him angel, at least to his face.

       So here I stood, face to face or more accurately face to silicon implant breasts with a man who was wearing a frilly pink dress which did little to hide massive arms that would look more at home on a silverback gorilla and a jawline that was so masculine it would make a cartoon superhero jealous. I had driven over to his mansion ,which was also painted pink and looked like a life sized replica of Barbie's play house, and was given a warm welcome once my credit had been checked at the gate, that's right instead of IDs they were checking bank accounts at the gate before letting anyone in. Apparently my account was good enough that I was taken to see the fairy directly. I tried not to stare at him and maybe make eye contact but his beady eyes were almost completely covered by a bushy unibrow that he hasn't bothered to trim for some reason. The black unibrow clashed terribly with his blond hair implants making the whole thing even more disturbing. The man, because I couldn't in good conscience call him anything else even with all the additions and removals, spoke in a thin reedy voice that accentuated his French accent,

       "Welcome to my home mademoiselle, how may I be of assistance to you?"

       "I would like to purchase a few guns from you for personal use, I would like to see your best snipers and handguns, money is not an issue. I especially want a sniper that has good range."

       "Snipers and handguns you say? Hmmm...that's a very interesting order. You see mon'amie everybody always assumes that snipers are common and that they are the staple of every assassin but you would be wrong. Snipers, especially snipers of the quality you speak of ,are speciality products for only the very skilled. In fact the list of independent contractors that can use such weapons is very short and since someone who has a backing from other organizations would not come to me , I am assuming that you are on this very short list. That means that this is a very unlucky day for you mon'amie. You see unlike most gunrunners I pay close attention to what is going on in the criminal underworld. I know that the only female assassin who is known to be independent and handle such high powered snipers is also known to hunt the members of the fairweather company which just recently started business here in Oslo. The pieces of the puzzle all fit, you are the mysterious Persephone. That also means that I have the person with the single most expensive bounty on their head standing across from me , completely defenseless."

      I could see where this was going, five of his men where closing in from behind me with machine guns while the fairy himself was drawing a pistol from one of the folds of his voluminous dress "*sigh*...have you ever considered why my bounty would be so high?" I positioned myself so that his men couldn't shoot me without risking hitting their own boss.

      He started to frown as he realized what I had done,"It does not matter what the reasons are , it only matters that I am going to shoot you and make a lot of money."

      I rolled forward just as he was squeezing the trigger and drew one of my fans as the bullet whizzed above me. I finished my roll underneath the fairy's right hand that he had stretched out to point his gun. I promptly removed said hand and quickly acquired the falling hand with the finger still in the trigger. I didn't even bother to take the gun out of the hand, I just used the finger of the mutilated hand to squeeze the trigger and shoot the five men who were just standing there gaping stupidly. They were all wearing bulletproof vests but that didn't help them since they were all shot squarely between their eyebrows.

      I turned back to look at the fairy and I saw a sight that would haunt my nightmares forever.

      His dress had flipped up as he was rolling around in pain and I could see his large hairy feet, but there was something even worse.

      He wasn't wearing underwear.

   
