Chapter fifty two

       After I made sure that the fairy wasn't going to bleed to death and more importantly had covered himself up and wasn't exposing the world to the horror that was underneath his dress, I held him at gunpoint and forced him to order his men to load up all the equipment that I thought would be interesting or useful. Of course my little Ford focus didn't have much booty space especially now that it had a large engine stuck where the trunk and the back seats used to be but luckily this didn't seem to be an uncommon problem because there was a whole line of small trailers that could be attached to cars in one of the garages. The men , who had become super cooperative now that I had their boss at gunpoint, carried all the heavy equipment, cases of ammo, and even some plastic explosives (cause I thought that might be fun) and loaded up the trailer until it was full. They were even nice enough to hitch the trailer to my car.

       I drove out of there with the fairy still with me and advised them not to follow me, I promised them that I would release the fairy if they complied. A few blocks later once I was sure they were not following me I released the fairy just like I promised but as I drove away I gave him a parting present for being such a good host, I healed his whole body.

       Now this might seem like a good thing but I didn't just heal his hand, I healed his whole body. In the rearview mirror I could see his implants burst free from his chest, his hair fell out and a bulge appeared beneath his dress, honestly I think I did the whole world a favor.( there was something I never thought I would say after making a wiener magically appear)

       Now I can move on to more serious problems, the most immediate being the fact that I had a lot of weapons and nowhere to put them. Thankfully money could fix most problems so I called up a realter  and arranged to buy a nice house at a rather exorbitant price. I went directly to the house where I found the real estate agent looking all bright eyed and bushy tailed. I wired the money to him and he signed over the deed to a shell company that Kazimir set up for me under a false name in the cayman islands called Underworld inc. He had also asked me for some ID but a generous tip for his service had made him change his mind. I stored the uhaul in the garage , made sure it was secure and then looked around the huge empty house. At first I had thought that I would move out of the hotel and move here but seeing the empty house and how much effort it would take to furnish it and hire people to run it I decided I would just use it to store my guns so I took out two hand guns from my stash and put them in the glove compartment of my car before driving back to the hotel.

        But before I could make it back to the hotel Kazimir called me and started complaining,

        "Why are you spending money like you are some wealthy oil sheik? You've already spent a substantial amount and unless you plan on becoming a contract killer again you are going to run out of money before the year is out!"

         "Relax Kazimir, I have a plan to get all the money back."

          "Does it involve killing people , stealing , fraud or some other unethical activity? You know what, I don't even want to know, just don't get caught."

          "Well ... It was nice talking to you, bye!"

            After hanging up the phone I stored the car in a parking lot that was walking distance from the hotel and called Delilah's cell to tell her to stop whatever she was doing and come to our room. I went to the room , waited for Delilah to arrive then switched back to being Sophia while Delilah transformed into one of the many aliases that Kazimir had devised for her and we took the car that the hotel manager was only too happy to give us free of charge complete with a driver.

          We told the driver to drive to one of the only places in Oslo where gambling was legal, the Bjerke race track or as I would like to call it , my own personal piggy bank. Most people would think that what I was about to do was nothing short of stealing since I would be using my powers to make sure I won.

          I on the other hand was thinking that it was amazing that it took me this long to come up with this idea.

A.n. sorry about poor editing, been busy past couple of days plus the new system is sort of bumming me out, I liked the previous royal road better, it didn't make my chapters magically disappear like this one did, twice.



           

          

            
