Chapter fifty four

          I woke feeling like my head was split in two.

         Everything was slightly fuzzy and my first attempt to get up didn't go very well as I slipped on what appeared to be a towel on the floor and fell on my rump. I looked around trying to figure out where the hell I was and what I saw was a large bathroom with white tile walls and a jacuzzi in the corner. The floor had been covered by layers of very fluffy pink towels and lying under one of the piles completely asleep was a strange woman that I vaguely remembered as the waitress that usually brought our food when we ordered room service. I was also fairly sure that she was naked under the towels because I could see pieces of her uniform scattered allover the bathroom, her skirt was covering the toilet seat , her shirt was on the shower head and there were purple panties  on one of the light fixtures....wait wasn't I wearing purple panties?

       I looked down to see that the waitress wasn't the only one in her birthday suit. The only thing covering my body was a bandage on my arm. I slowly removed the bandage and revealed a tattoo of a cartoon succubus that looked suspiciously like Delilah.

      What the hell had happened yesterday?

       From what I remember after throwing the money around then rolling around in it we had decided to properly celebrate so we had put most of the money away in the safe that came with the room, took a fistful of cash, and went out to checkout Oslo's night life. After a few bars and clubs things were already starting to get hazy but the last place I remembered very well because the sign outside said Gotham nights and I am a huge nerd. We were going to go in but there were two problems, there was a huge line and a sign said that no one wearing anything but black was allowed inside. At this point we were drunk enough that we wanted to do the opposite of what any sign told us to do so we went to the closest tailor and came out wearing trench coats. We went directly to the front of the line at the club and silenced the guard that was going to stop us with a five hundred euro bill.

       Once inside I could see why there was a dress code, there was black light instead of normal light making the entire room an eree violet color except for flashes of brightness when someone showed their teeth or a piece of skin was visible. We went to the middle of the crowded dance floor and took off our trench coats revealing two white wedding dresses, the closest tailor had been a bridal store.

      I remember that we had banged our head to the heavy metal music while glowing like fireflies, our blond hair flying allover the place as we jumped up and down to the violent sounding music and everyone stared at us as if we were aliens from outer space. The last thing I remember was going to the bar with sweat running down my face (who could have known that a wedding dress would get so hot when you danced in them) and ordering another drink to cool myself off.......


     As I carefully stepped over the body of the sleeping waitress I wondered what had happened for the rest of the night. I picked up a towel from the floor and wrapped it around myself as I went out the door to the living room. There I saw people strewn everywhere along with what looked like bottles of champaign and beer. There were many hotel employees in uniforms but there were also people I didn't recognize who I was sure were other guests of the hotel based on their fancy clothing and expensive looking jewelry like the old couple who had fallen asleep on top of the large coffee table. 

     I was wondering if I was going to get in trouble with the manager because of this when I spotted the man in question on the couch underneath a woman who I was pretty sure was a stripper since the only thing she was wearing was a g-string and the manager's suit jacket. It looked like the manager had a good time so I doubt we would get kicked out.

     I was feeling hungry so I stepped over the bodies of people who were simply lying in the hallway and made my way to the kitchen. There I saw that someone had already made coffee and was eating breakfast, the familiar white mask was partially pulled up to allow access to the cup of coffee he was sipping on. He pored another cup of coffee and motioned for me to sit down on the seat that was next to the kitchen counter across from which he was standing like he was some sort of bartender. I gratefully accepted the cup and started to drink the strong black brew that cleared my head just a little bit more every time I took a sip.

     "So what are you doing in my apartment Mike?"

      "Well Ms Sophia we didn't have a chance to speak properly the first time we met so when we met in the street and you invited me to the party you were throwing in your hotel room I was only too happy to accept. What you did at the warehouse was very sneaky by the way, very clever too. Now my question is what are you doing here in Norway?"

        "I thought that seeing what happened yesterday would have answered your question, I came here to have fun."

        "Please Ms Sophia, the blond act won't work twice. You are somewhat of a wild child but I also know that you are top of your class and quite clever. I doubt you would take time out of school to 'have fun'."

        "My mother just died and it has been very hard for me."

       "We both knew exactly what your mother was, I doubt you shed any tears when you found out she was dead unless they were tears of joy, now stop acting dumb. Who are you that the templars are keeping such a close eye on you?"

        I became very confused, who the hell are the templars?
