Chapter fifty five


      I couldn't help but articulate my thoughts,"Who the hell are the templars?"

      He slammed his mug so violently on the granite counter top that it broke spraying coffee and pieces of porcelain allover the place, I could hear the steel in his voice that indicated that he was no longer playing around as he spoke quietly, " This is no longer a joke Ms Sophia, I am trying my hardest to help you here and if you don't tell me everything you know I won't be able to protect you. You find yourself on the radar of the templars which either means you are a supernatural they are planning to terminate or they are scouting you to 'offer' you a position in their organization, neither one of those options would end well for you. Now I might be the only friend you have in this entire country, so you better not try my patience. Even your so called best friend is a shape shifting demoness for goodness sake."

      Some of what he just said sounded quite alarming but there was something I needed to clear up before he made an unfortunate mistake and did something to Delilah, " Yeah, about the whole demoness thing , Delilah is actually pretty cool plus she is sort of my slave, she swore to serve me so please don't stab her or anything."

      "Finally a real answer, so your a warlock? I'm not prejudiced against most groups but most warlocks are pretty nasty, you don't seem like the type but I guess most of them don't ."

       "I'm not a warlock, at least I don't think I am , I don't exactly know what a warlock is."

        "Warlock is a term for a mage who powers his magic using the life force of other people to bind powerful extra dimensional creatures like you did with your demoness. The only way a demon is forced into servitude is if they were forced to by a ritual."

        Delilah chose that moment to make her entrance wearing a fluffy pink bathrobe made out of the same towel that was wrapped around me, "Not the only way, we could also be scared shitless of somebody and give them our service voluntarily."

        "Wait, you expect me to believe that you were so scared of Sophia that you immediately swore loyalty and didn't try to trick her?"

         "Trust me, Sophia can be plenty scary when she wants to be, but the important part is that Sophia isn't a warlock who takes lives to get power."

           Mike turned back to look at me, the steely voice was replaced by curiosity as he asked, "What are you that you scared a demon into submission and have the templars so hot and bothered?"

          "I'm ....... complicated, but that can wait, right now I'm really curious about these templars you keep talking about."

          "You really don't know? I mean they are like the boogey men of the supernatural community."

          "Let's just say that I'm a new comer to the supernatural community, now can you please just tell me who they are?"

           "They are the self appointed protectors of humanity. They claim that their only goal is to protect the human race but they are mostly religious quacks who are determined to cleanse the world of anything supernatural. They use technology to make up for their weaknesses but they don't usually get their hands dirty. They usually use supernaturals they have tricked or blackmailed into working for them. They are some of the most vile people that humanity has to offer and now they have their sights set on you."

            This confirmed a few things I have been suspecting. First of all there were enough people with powers that Mike called them a 'supernatural community' . This meant that they were not only numerous but also varied in type. I had to keep a look out to find these people but I was pretty sure that I had already found one.I would bet my Ford focus that Brenda is one of these people. 

             It also confirmed that I was under surveillance and I felt vindicated in my paranoia. 

            I started to wonder how the Atelli fit into this picture and whether I could use one evil against another, " The things like my mother, how do they fit into all of this."

            Mike scoffed and said, " The templars don't even acknowledge they exist, they have found ways to block Templar technology and all the templars believe in is their technology. To make things worse the things like your mother actively hunt down the supernatural, in the end it leaves anybody with a gift between a rock and a hard place."

            Hmmm...so the Atelli were hunting the supernatural? That actually made sense , all Atelli are different and I bet that was because of the souls they infect. If an Atelli is able to infect a powerful soul they would be powerful, in fact I bet that the smokey Atelli that gave me so much trouble was one of the supernatural before he was infected. If the conclusion I reached was correct then I had to do all I can to protect the supernatural community.

          Mike cleared his throat, waking me up from my rumination, "So what are you?"



         

           

      

     
       
