Chapter sixty


     I looked towards Delilah and I didn't like what I saw, she was confined in a small circle made out of what looked like rock salt and the salt was glowing slightly in my soul vision. I was able to follow the faint traces of the glow back to one of the men hiding in the shadows. She had duct tape on her mouth and a rope around her torso restricting her hands and wings. As I was looking at her she started to squirm and make muffled noises.

       The old man followed my gaze towards Delilah and started to speak with a distinct southern accent, "Oh, don't worry about your little friend. I'll let her go after you have agreed to sign a few documents."

       Right now I just wanted to shoot everybody and be on my merry way but I didn't know what was going on so I decided to go along with the old geezer for a little while, "And who are you?"

       He chuckled politely and gave a small bow, "Forgive this old man for his lapse in manners, my name is Jebedia Thompson. I am a united states senator whose main purpose in coming here was to hammer down some trade agreements with some rich folks who make their home in Oslo, well at least that was my main purpose until I met you little lady. I must say you took us on one doozey of a ride, making your friend here pretend to be you, very clever. Our agents thought they had a pretty good lock on you, imagine their surprise when they found out that you had given them the old switcheroo. Now most people would probably get mad but I'm just happy you aren't the airhead you pretended to be, I would rather have competent people working for me than brainless idiots."

      I was starting to see where this was going, "What do you mean working for you? I never agreed to work for anyone."

      He took out something from his pocket and threw it towards me , making me flinch and raise my guns. He raised his hands up and started to speak as if he was trying to calm down a startled horse,"Woah there, calm down, I ain't trying to hurt you. I'm just trying to show you something. Look at what I just threw you and tell me what you think." 

      I looked at it while keeping my gun trained on his face, "It looks like a blown out cellphone, why would you show me that?"

     He put his hands on his belt buckle and said, "That there is a very expensive piece of equipment that we use to detect people who have gifts. I had packed the damn thing with me just in case but I didn't really expect to find anything but surprise surprise, I point it in your direction and it literally caught on fire. Do you know what that means?"

      "No, but I'm sure you are about to tell me."

      Excitement colored his voice as he boomed out, "You are one of the most gifted people on the entire planet! You have been given this incredible gift by God and now you have the duty, no the privilege of serving our lord."

      "And let me guess, the only way to serve the lord is to join you?"

       The excitement started to drain from his face as he detected the dry tone in my voice, "You don't have to take that tone with me little lady, I'm just trying to look out for you and your best interest. Our only goal is to make sure that you aren't a danger to others or yourself. As our great leader Theodore Roosevelt once said with great power comes great responsibility."

        "I'm pretty sure that that quote is actually from spiderman and nothing screams we care about your best interest like kidnapping someone's friend. You sound like a great organization, where can I sign up?" my sarcasm was thicker than the man's handlebar mustache, which was the only facial hair he had. Said mustache started to twitch as he replied, "What we did wasn't kidnap your friend, we took a demoness from hell who is leading you astray for her own nefarious purpose! We have heard that she has led you on the road to sin, making you perform all sorts of perversions that should only happen between a man and a woman after they are married. We are trying to get you back on the right road, the road of salvation!"

      I couldn't help but burst into laughter after his little tirade, "You think that she made me a lesbian? Oh man, you people are deluded. Now I'm getting tired of this so would you please release Delilah so we could leave?"

     "Why not stay a little longer? It has taken a lot of time and effort to set this up, I even came alone so that you wouldn't feel threatened. You should at least hear me out."

       "Oh, you came alone to make me feel safe, did you now?" I guess it was time to go back to plan A, shooting everybody and rescuing Delilah. I pointed my gun past Delilah and shot the man connected to the circle which was imprisoning her. The shadows surrounding the man suddenly disappeared , revealing a man completely covered in a black body suit. The only thing not black about him was the green lenses on the night vision goggles he was wearing, He lay crumpled on the ground but his bulletproof vest had stopped my bullet, he was still groaning in pain, his vest may have protected him from the bullet but the impact was still pretty bad.

        "So this guy isn't with you? That means you don't mind if I kill him right?"

        "Wait! Wait! I brought this man to protect me but there is nobody else!"

         I was getting getting tired of this shit, I turned around and shot the remaining shadow men who were trying to creep stealthily closer towards me and this time I made sure I hit their heads, a kill shot. I turned back to the senator who was looking at me aghast and executed the first shadow man who was still writhing on the ground then I turned the gun towards the old man himself.

        "What are you going to do little lady, shoot a united states senator?"

          I smiled and replied, "Yes." 



