Chapter sixty one

       I stepped over the body of the old geezer and headed towards Delilah to free her but the glow had faded from the salt circle and she was no longer confined inside of it. She used her new found freedom to wiggle out of most of the ropes and snapped what remained by stretching out her wings. She ripped off the duct tape that held her mouth closed and floated in my direction.

      I thought that she was going to give me a hug so I had my arms outstretched to receive her, what I didn't expect her to do was to start hitting me in the chest several times, not those girly open handed slaps that you could barely feel but closed fist punches that made me stagger in pain as I started to bruise. She didn't stop there, she continued to follow me pummel the shit out of me. She started to shout at me and every word she said was punctuated by one of her rib cracking punches,

     "WHAT  *punch*  WERE  *punch*  YOU  *punch*  THINKING!"

      I was finally able to stop the attack by catching her arms. I healed my bruising left boob and restrained her from continuing to assault me, "What do you mean what was I thinking? In fact its very simple , you were in trouble so I came to save you, it's not exactly rocket science. The question is why are you beating me up when you should be thanking me, or is this some weird demon custom?"

      She was still fuming for some reason. Her breath came out as steam in the cold weather and she looked like a mad cartoon bull getting ready to charge, "Why would you risk your life like that? Don't you know how dangerous what you did was? You didn't know what you were walking into or how dangerous your opponents could have been, in fact all you knew was that they were able to subdue me and you know that I am no pushover. Basically you knowingly walked straight into a trap set by people you knew nothing about except that they were extremely dangerous! You could have been captured or killed! Don't you have any self preservation?!"

      I was starting to understand what her outburst was about,"It's not like this is my first time doing something like this and look around you, I pretty much kicked everyone's asses so everything is alright. "

       "No, everything is not alright! This isn't about what happened, it is about what could have happened and what may happen in the future! What if this happened in the future and you were unable to prevail?! What if something happened to you?! What if something happened to you because of me?!"

      I held her close to me and started to lightly stroke her hair, "Nothing is going to happen to me, I'm too damn awesome for that but even if something did happen to me as long as it is to save you I wouldn't have any regrets. Even if I was sure that I was going to die if I tried to rescue you , I would still come to save you with a smile on my face."

       Her voice had turned into a whisper as she replied, "But why? I'm just your succubus slave, why would you risk so much for me?"

       I continued to stroke her hair then turned her face so that I could look into those bottomless fiery eyes which I had come to admire more than any other pair in the world, "I would risk so much for the exact same reasons why you are crying at the mere thought of me getting hurt."

      She started to chuckle through her tears, "You're an idiot, you know that right?"

       I just said, "Of course I am! I put up with you, don't I?" 

       She opened her mouth, probably with a sarcastic quip or some other joke on the tip of her tongue but I stole her lips in a deep passionate kiss. 

       I stopped her from speaking by using the best way I knew how, by giving her mouth something better to do.

      

        
