Chapter sixty two

       "I have a hypothetical question I want to ask you."
      
      I was driving down a highway while speaking on the phone with Kazimir. After I had my little reunion with Delilah , we had dragged the body of the late senator Thompson and stuffed it into the small space that used to be a backseat before a giant engine was placed there. We had then vacated the scene of the mini massacre before any cops could arrive.

       While weaving in and out of traffic at ridiculous speeds I frantically dialed Kazimir's number with my free hand, which brings me to the present,

       The voice on the other end sounded sleepy,"Sophia, do you know what time it is?"

        I laughed nervously,"Really late? It's midnight here, so it's about 1 am there? "

        "Why are you calling me this late at night?"

        "I have a hypothetical question that I would like to ask you."

         I could hear rustling of sheets as he got up from bed, or at least that is what it sounded like, " What kind of hypothetical question?"

         I tried to sound nonchalant as possible,"Oh, I just wanted to know the best place to dump a body if I wanted it to not be discovered for a long time."

         "Well, it would depend on who your hypothetical body belongs to, the more important a person is the more people would look for that person."

           "Hypothetically speaking what if that person was a united states senator?"

          For a second there was silence, then I heard the sound of ripping cloth and something breaking. Then I heard two voices talking, the gruff voice of Kazimir and the sweet dulcet tones of my sensei. A few seconds later Kazimir was back on the phone panting like he had run a marathon but at least he sounded calm when he said," Why did you kill a united states senator Sophia?"

         I laughed nervously again, "It's actually a funny story, you see he was part of a secret organization that kidnapped Delilah and tried to blackmail me to work for them."

         He sighed, "Did you really have to kill him?"

         "I didn't have to kill him, but he was definitely an enemy and you know how I feel about leaving enemies alive so they can have another go at you."

         "Alright, first things first. Did you remove his watch and cellphone?"

         "We did one better, we stripped him of everything he was wearing. He is now buck naked."

         "Good, you have removed all of the primary trackers but there are secondary trackers located within his body."

           "Already thought of that, we run electricity from the light rail through his body until he was fried crispy and started to smoke. It smells like bacon in here but I'm pretty sure that any trackers that are inside his body are fried."

          "Very good! Way to take the initiative Sophia, most people don't think of things like that. Now what you did has removed most of the trackers but there are special trackers that even that couldn't destroy but on the bright side they are all close range trackers that don't work unless the people who are looking for you are only a few meters away, I want you to make sure that you are not being followed."

         "At the speed I am going, unless they are freaking formula one drivers I've lost them a long time ago."

          "Alright then, I want you to drive to a scrap yard a few miles west of Oslo, I'm sending the coordinates to your phone. Once you get in there , there is a giant outdoor furnace that runs twenty four hours, you can't miss it , just follow the giant orange glow. Dump the body there."

         "Thanks Kazimir!"

         "Don't thank me , thank my wife. I wanted to hang up on you and go back to sleep."

      *       *       *

         When we got to the scrap yard it turned out to be a very large clearing enclosed by a chain link fence. The front gate was held closed by a padlock and chains but I was able to get it open using my fans. 

          Kazimir was right, I could see the orange glow of the furnace from the entrance but the problem was that the way there was a freaking labyrinth of crushed cars and other metal debris. I drove to three dead ends before I finally found the right way to the furnace.

         And what a sight it was. A mountain of metal scrap surrounding an orange glow whose heat I could feel from here. It looked like a metal volcano.

        I turned to Delilah and said, "Do you know how to operate a crane?"

        She looked up from the video she was seeing with her cellphone which she had taken back from the senator, "Why would you want to know that?"

        "Because the mouth of the furnace is at the top of that metal mountain and the only way to get the body up there is that giant crane which has a metal claw or climbing the mountain with the body."

        A few backbreaking minutes later we arrived at the top of the metal mountain while cursing every cookie and steak that the senator had ever consumed. When we looked over at the mouth of the furnace we saw a gaping metal maw of a monster, jagged metal teeth opening and closing , ready to tear anything apart before it entered its fiery stomach. Every time the metal jaws would open a blast of hot air would come out as if it was the breath of a giant monster.

        Delilah looked over at me and asked, "Why are you smiling?"

       I couldn't help it, looking at the artificial volcano made me grin foolishly, "Because I feel like I am Frodo about to throw the ring into mount doom."

        She rolled her eyes and said,"You are such a nerd" before unceremoniously kicking the body into the furnace where it disappeared into its fiery depth.

         As we were driving away I had a crazy thought and turned back towards the scrap yard. I concentrated on the glow that was visible even here from outside of the scrap yard.

        I could have imagined it but for a fraction of a second I thought I saw the telltale glimmer of a soul.

        

         
          

     
