Chapter sixty three

        Delilah and I decided that going back to the hotel wasn't such a good idea, although the authorities wouldn't be looking for us the people from the senator's secret organization probably knew about us so we were targets. Thankfully I had purchased a house that would be a perfect place to lie low.

      We entered the empty house that I bought to store my guns, it was a rather large and nice place but it was completely unfurnished. I was feeling tired but there were no beds to sleep in but what we did find was some wood for the fireplace. We quickly lit a fire, and using our thick coats and other clothing as a mattress and blankets we fell asleep snuggled together bathing in the warm glow of the fireplace.

      We woke up in the morning and wore our crumpled up clothing. As I stretched my body trying to get rid of the stiffness in my back I decided that I was going to have to get a bed for the house. I gave a credit card linked to my offshore account to Delilah and asked her to do some shopping online.

      I ,on the other hand, had the mission of taking out some luggage from our hotel room without getting in trouble, but it was OK since I had a plan. I drove my car to the back of the train station then I took a cab to the hotel room and quickly got upstairs. I packed some of my clothes along with what was left of the money in one large suitcase and went to the counter to check out.

       As I was leaving the hotel a man in a black suit and black shades blocked my way, "Wait, I need to ask you some questions."

       I raised my eyebrow at him, "And who are you?"

       He took out a badge and showed it to me,  I pretended to look at it nonchalantly while in reality I checked for important things that Kazimir had taught me to check for, it seemed ligit. "Agent Smith, Bradley Smith, CIA.".

        I tried my best not to laugh but I'm sure he was able to see the mirth in my expression,"Seriously? Agent Smith of the CIA? You couldn't come up with a better name?"

        "It is the name my mother gave me."

        "Right. Well putting that aside what can I do for you Agent Smith, if you are here to ask about Neo I'm afraid I can't help you."

        "Very amusing miss Sophia," he didn't look very amused,"Can we go somewhere private so we can talk?"

         "No thank you Agent Smith, you can ask me anything you want right here in the lobby. I might be blond but I'm not dumb enough to go 'somewhere private' with a strange man I just met."

            "But I am a CIA agent."

           "Especially because you are CIA. I don't want to be water boarded or something. If you have any questions ask them, otherwise please get out of my way."

           "Alright, do you know anything about the disappearance of senator Jebediah Thompson?"

           "Wait, What? Does Norway even have senators?"

            "He is an american senator."

            "What is an american senator doing here in Norway anyways?" I gave him my best confused puppy look, with my head tilted to the side and everything.

             He adjusted his shades and looked at me, " Alright , you may go. Contact this number if you get any information."

             I took the card and as I left I heard him whisper into his watch, "The target was telling the truth. She truly doesn't know about the disappearance of the shepherd. She seemed to be completely unaware of our interest in her. The location of the shepherd is still unknown although the team of shades were found dead, I believe that a third party intercepted them before they made contact with the target. The necromancer was unable to get anything out of them because their brains were too heavily damaged, we might be dealing with an enemy who knows our capabilities, over and out."

            I blew out a sigh of relief and chuckled a little at the same time. The glasses that 'agent smith' was wearing had a small glow on them so I thought that they may be used to tell if I was lying or not so I didn't lie. I just asked him questions instead of answering him. As for the rest, I didn't know that there were such things as necromancers but I got lucky because I shot all the shadow men in the head. From now on I am going to have to make sure that I do not leave an intact brain when killing an enemy.

             I took a cab to the train station where I was followed by a black van. I got into the women's toilet and jumped out the window. Outside my ford focus was waiting for me where I left it in the morning. I quickly put on my baseball hat and glasses and drove the hell out of there.

           Back at the house I saw that Delilah had been busy, she had purchased a whole bunch of things from nearby stores and had them rush delivered. We now had couches , a large flat screen TV , a coffee table and even a fully stocked kitchen.

          "Delilah, why did you buy all this stuff?"

          "Because it is a shame to have such a nice house and leave it empty, and look I even got you a rack for your guns."

           I looked around the house and sure enough there was a room full of racks where I could put my guns. I looked all around the house and it was filled with stuff, stuff that we didn't need because I planned on finishing my business here as quickly as possible,

          "Delilah!" 

          "What?"

          "Where is the bed I actually asked you to buy?"

           She had a sheepish look on her face as she said, "Yeah...about that...."

          That night we had to sleep on the couch.



               

     


      

