Chapter sixty four

       One of the many reasons that I had gone back to the hotel room even though it was somewhat risky was because I had a plan to get closer to Ms Brenda , or rather Dr Brenda(she has a PhD) and observe her while she is not in brain washing mode . The next day I got up bright and early to to put that plan into action.

      I wore my nun outfit and drove to the Oslo university hospital. My plan was very simple, I had gained world wide fame because of my actions  back in St Petersburg. I had spent one day in each of the hospitals and clinics in the city healing almost everybody. It has caused a stir not only around Russia but also around the world. It had even earned me the nickname the lady of mercy and the angel of St Petersburg. Now I'm going to use that reputation to enter the hospital and help the patients while at the same time keeping an eye on Brenda.

      I thought that it was going to be a simple matter since I was now very famous as a nun thanks to a few pictures taken on cellphones but I was proven wrong almost immediately as I was stopped by hospital security, 

        I was a little surprised but I remained polite as I talked to the slightly rotund man with straw colored hair, " Why are you stopping me? Don't you know who I am? I am here to help the patients inside."

        He was much less polite as he replied curtly, "Look lady, we have enough problems to deal with without having to deal with impersonators like you. Why would you even pretend to be the lady of mercy , don't you know that you are giving people false hope? What you are doing isn't only sick but also cruel. If this is your idea of a joke it is not funny!"

        I was starting to get the reason why he was not letting me go inside, " Calm down, are there many of these impersonators that come here to the hospital?"

        "Yeah, some of the bastards even come here with buckets for 'donations'. Look you don't seem like one of the scammer types so let me give you some advice. Go do something with your life instead of pretending that you are something that you are not. I know that the thought of being as important as her and wielding so much power is very attractive to you but everybody has their part to play in the world, sure her part may seem more grand and important but you should find your place in the world and if you try hard enough I'm sure that you can be just as important as her. Instead of being a cheap worthless knockoff go be something original and I guarantee that you will be much happier than you are now."

       That was actually pretty good advice, " What is your name?"

       He seemed surprised by my question, "My name is Albert, why do you ask?"

       I smiled at him even though he couldn't see it under my veil ," You seem like a very good man Albert and I am very glad that I met you," I extended my arm purely for theatrics and healed all the small aches and injuries that he had accumulated throughout his life including his scars. He had a bad back and a bum knee so I fixed those up. I even took a few years off him and took away his exhaustion, "your advice is sound but I am not an impersonator."

       I saw it in his eyes as he suddenly realized what had just happened and what it meant, he immediately fell down onto his knees, "I am sorry, I didn't mean any offense by what I said earlier. I'm just upset that people would use your name to try and trick people who are already suffering."

      "It's alright Albert, no offense taken but if you really want to make it up to me then please stop smoking, your lungs were in very bad shape before I healed them. Same thing goes for drinking, your liver wasn't doing very well either."

      He nodded his head rapidly, "I shall do as you say. You have given me a precious gift, I am not going to throw it away."

      "Good, now can I come in?"

       "Of course you can come in! Please come in and help as many people as you can." He hurriedly got back on his feet and personally escorted me into the hospital. 

