Chapter sixty five

      We entered the hospital and the first thing I saw was a nurse in scrubs sitting behind a counter typing away on a PC at super sonic speeds. She looked up from her work and her serious expression turned into one of disgust as she looked at me,

   "What is that doing here Albert? We told you to keep these bastards out of our hospital, we have enough parasites in here , we don't need any more."

       She was scowling at me as she was speaking so she missed Albert's frantic hand signals to stop, by the end he was even jumping up and down while trying to shush her. This impersonation problem must have been pretty bad to garner this kind of animosity from the nurse,

      I couldn't really blame her for her reaction so I tried to be as polite as possible,"It is a pleasure to meet you too, I'm sorry that you have been having so much trouble with people pretending to be me. I am not here to cause any inconvenience so I'll get out of your hair."

      I tried to pass the counter and go into the corridor with a sign that said pediatrics but I was immediately blocked by the nurse, she attempted to grab my arm but I avoided her lunge by reflex. She tried to catch me again and again but I was a master of evasion so she was unable to do anything. I was getting tired of dancing around her and was about to act when Albert beat me to it by grabbing her from behind,

       She continued to struggle in his grip while shouting,"What are you doing Albert?"

       He desperately held on to the struggling woman , slightly raising her off the ground, "It's the real her Erika, it's really her. She is not one of those vultures pretending to be her to scam people."

        She suddenly went limp in his arms, "How do you know?"

        He slowly let her down, " She healed me Erika, all my pain is gone and I feel better than I remember feeling in recent years. Erika she is here to heal everybody here, she can heal your niece's leukemia!"

        I finally understood her over the top reaction, she had someone she loved in the hospital whose only hope was a miracle and after seeing charlatan after charlatan giving her false hope she had grown angry.

       Her expression was still cynical but there was a small light of hope in her eyes, " .........are you sure Albert? This isn't some trick?"

       Albert just nodded.

       I interrupted them , "Look how about this, I go to the first patient and you can decide for yourself if I'm fake or not?"

        She finally relented reluctantly, "One patient and if you are lying I'll personally kick you out of the hospital."

        She led me to the first room in the pediatric ward, inside there was a sickly little boy who was nothing but skin and bones. He had an IV hooked up into his arm and was asleep on a small bed. Next to him was a man with the same brown hair as the boy and wire rimmed glasses. He had fallen asleep with a children's book open on his stomach.

         Erika looked at the little boy with deep sadness in her eyes, "This is Bjorn and his father, he suffers from an auto immune disease that keeps him frail. All his muscles have atrophied and he barely has any meat left. The doctors gave him six months to live but he is now three years old, I think it is thanks to his father who refuses to leave his side. The fact that he survived this long is a miracle in itself but now Bjorn is hanging on by a thread, he had gone critical twice in the past two weeks alone. "

         Bjorn might have been sick on the outside but on the inside his soul shone like a bright star, I didn't even need to get closer to him before I could heal him. I just extended my hand from the doorway and healed him. First I fixed the faulty genome that caused auto immune disease , then I slowly rebuilt his atrophied muscles. On the outside he turned from a sickly skeletal boy to a healthy pink boy . He stirred from his sleep and the first word he said was "daddy". 

        The father woke up as if he had been struck by lightning. He looked towards us but then he looked towards his son and we ceased to exist to him. He rushed towards little Bjorn and hugged him close before breaking down and crying. He was saying something in Norwegian but I couldn't understand him so I turned to Erika and Albert to ask what he was saying but both of them had also broken down in tears and were in no position to answer me.

        After that Erika and Albert escorted me from room to room as I healed people, hospital staff tried to stop me on multiple occasions but a few whispered words from Erika was enough to make them back down. A few hours later half the hospital staff was following me around in a daze as I went from room to room healing one person after another.

       I had healed most of the patients with terminal illnesses and serious injuries when I finally reached my goal.

       The psychiatric ward.

       
