Chapter sixty six

      The psychiatric ward was different from the rest of the hospital. There were some rooms with people in beds just like the rest of the hospital but some of them had restraints on their arms and feet. In very extreme cases there were even some people in straight jackets. There were also those in special white rooms with soft white walls.

     Although most of the people looked more healthy on the outside in the psychiatric ward they were a mess on the inside. There were some cases of simple chemical imbalance in the brain causing mental illnesses that I was able to fix easily but the rest of the patients were more complicated, most of the remaining patients had souls that had been damaged for various reasons and healing souls was very difficult for me.

     I started with the cases that had bipolar disorder and similar illnesses. Their souls were cracked or fractured in some way so I carefully put the pieces together. Healing a physical injury took me anywhere from seconds to a minute but putting the souls back together took me many times that time not to mention the fact that I had to supply the energy myself while the universe fought me every step of the way, but I was one stubborn bitch and I was able to finish healing those with fractured souls.

      By the time I was done the sun was setting and I was sweating so heavily that it started to stain my dress. I sat down exhausted and a hand landed on my shoulder, "Are you alright?"

    I looked up and met the concerned eyes of Brenda, to be honest I was so focused on healing the people that I had forgotten why I was here in the first place. I must have stayed silent for too long because she continued to speak, "You don't have to heal them all in one go, you can come back tomorrow for the rest."

    She seemed to be genuinely worried about me, "Thanks for being concerned but I just need to catch my breath. Psychiatric cases are a little tricky for me."

    She handed me a cup of coffee and a bagel she had been holding and said, "Here , have some food. I believe that you are human under that veil and I haven't seen you eat anything all day, you must be starving."

     I gratefully accepted the food and raised my veil just enough to eat.

     While I was munching she continued to speak, "When someone is taking care of someone else's welfare people usually forget about that person's welfare, you would think as doctors and nurses they would be able to recognize this problem but nope, even the psychiatrists are too busy looking at the miracles happening to their patients to see the toll that it had been taking on you." Her tone might have been soft but the rebuke in her words was crystal clear. All the nurses and doctors started to fidget and apologize.

    Brenda stayed with me and continued to speak with me as I healed the rest of the patients, which were abused people whose souls were seriously damaged. I had to go even slower but I was able to heal these extreme cases by the time the sun was rising. Brenda had stayed up all night with me talking to me and keeping me entertained as I worked with her patients.

    When I got up to leave she stopped me with a raised palm, "Wait a minute , you forgot Herald."

    I smiled, "Oh , he isn't crazy. He is special, like you."

    She was startled as she heard what I said, "What do you mean?"

    "Herald is special, his soul has a third eye on his forehead and he is able to see things other people can't , as for what I said about you , we need a private place to speak. You are not only special but as hurt as some of your patients."

      She took me to her office and closed the door behind her, "It's not what you think."

       "Oh really? So you aren't being abused?"

      "My father has given me everything I've ever wanted but he wanted something in return."

       "Are you saying that the sadistic bastard abused you in exchange for providing you with a good life, you of all people should know that that is unacceptable."

       "It's not like that, look my father is a mage but he has very little power , on the other hand I am a terrible witch but produce lots of power so he uses me as a battery, the problem is that the process to extract power requires me to be in pain, the more pain I am in the more power he gets. The ritual heals me as I get injured so he is free to get as creative as he wants."

      "And that makes it better? Instead of sexual gratification he is straight up torturing you for power? Listen to me , I can help you kill the bastard and you won't have to be tortured anymore."

        "NO! He has horded my power for so long that he would kill you very easily. I already have a plan so I will be able to kill the bastard myself, I just have to be a little more patient."

        After that she refused to tell me anything else.

        I guess I'm going to have to do this by myself.
