Chapter sixty seven

     Even though Brenda refused my help we parted on good terms, she even escorted me to the front door of the hospital, I was dead tired and my work at the hospital was finished so it was time for me to leave. 

      I could hear some commotion going on outside but I was so tired that I didn't care, all I really cared about was getting to the house where hopefully, if Delilah didn't forget to buy one while she is shopping for fountains or something, a bed would be waiting for me. I stepped out of the hospital...

    .....and walked right into complete chaos. For a second I was blinded by bright lights even through my veil.  After my eyes adjusted to the bright light I saw a scene that made me freeze on the spot. There was a large crowd of people waiting outside of the hospital and as soon as I appeared they all exploded , producing a deafening amount of noise. Some were cheering as if I was some sort of movie star, others were booing me while hoisting slogans like 'Antichrist'. I could hear preachers shouting to the crowd telling them what to believe and what not to believe, problem was no two preachers were saying the same thing half were calling me a saint while the other half was calling me a devil. There were cries for help with people hoisting up signs made from bedsheets that said things like 'save my baby' while at the opposite side of the spectrum there were well made signs that offered me jobs with wages that had way too many zeros in them. There was a whole mix of people but the front of the crowd was occupied by people holding cameras and it was the flashes from these cameras that had blinded me for a few moments. I looked up and I could see several news choppers circling around like flies with their floodlights pointed in my direction. Thankfully the police were keeping everybody back, but things had gotten so bad that they even had riot gear on and were tazing people now and then. 

        One of the cops, an older gentlemen with more bars on his badge than the others and a bushy mustache that made him look distinguished, walked towards me and said in a gruff voice, "Ma'am I suggest you go back inside , I don't think we can hold them back much longer."

       I could only imagine how hard it was to hold the seething mass of people back, the fact that the reason that his people were in trouble because of my short sightedness made me feel very guilty, "I'm sorry officer, I didn't mean for this to happen."

        His eyes crinkled as he gave me a toothy grin, "That's alright ma'am , you healed one of my boys in there so I'm going to do everything I can do to help you get out of here," he took off his cap and gave me a little bow, "Captain Stephenson at your service." I had a feeling that even though the captain looked gruff he had a mischievous side..

       He led me back into the hospital then he started arranging a plan for my escape, he had his officers purchase four costumes that were similar to mine online and made some of his female officers wear it, then he arranged for five identical armored trucks to come to the hospital. I saw as four of the fake mes get into the armored vehicles and moved forward to get into the last one but captain Stephenson held me back, surprisingly another officer dressed as me suddenly appeared and entered the last vehicle.

      The captain gave me that crooked smile of his and said, "Where do you think you are going? You haven't even gotten dressed up yet!" then he threw a something at me. I caught the heavy object and turned it around to see what it was, it was a riot gear helmet.

       And just like that the captains real plans unfolded, the media and the people dispersed , following the armored trucks while the captain led me out the front door under everybody's noses , dressed in full riot gear. I was just one of the many police officers in the area, nobody even noticed that I was wearing a veil under the mask of my helmet or that I was thick around my stomach where I had rolled my dress up before putting the pants on.

        I thanked the police officers after they dropped me off at a nearby park, I quickly went into the wooded area to change and came out on the other side dressed in my civilian clothes. I took a cab back to the hospital and got my ford focus out of the cramped parking lot.

       Thanks to the Wiley captain's plan I was home free.

       And best of all when I got there a king sized bed was waiting for me.
        

        