Chapter seventy

        Things had really deteriorated in the past half hour, most of the area around the community center was now nothing more than rubble. The police had responded quickly and evacuated most of east Oslo but there were many deaths before the police had things under control.

         I was parked just beyond the place where police had set up a roadblock to stop people from going into the affected area. From here I could hear multiple explosions going off as the police attempted to contain the monster. There was a TV store next to me and all the screens that were in the storefront display were showing the same thing,  they were showing footage from a cellphone taken by someone running away on a loop from a news channel, in the video the monster seemed to be pushed back a little and sometimes staggered as large explosions hit it but nothing put a dent in the monster itself and it continued its rampage after brushing off the hits.

         I sat there in my car gripping my steering wheel until my knuckles turned white. This was my fault, I was the cause of all this death and destruction yet instead of helping I was just sitting here , looking on as the brave men and women of the police force attempted to fight the monster I had unleashed. I felt ashamed of myself and as every second passed I hated myself more and more but the fact of the matter was that I was scared.

       I have fought many enemies before but this was on a whole new level. There was nothing I could think of that could even harm the large behemoth let alone kill it, he was just too big for me. As I sat there contemplating what I should do I heard static coming from a radio in a nearby police cruiser, a few second later I could hear the familiar voice of Captain Stephenson shouting over the sounds of loud explosions,

       "Sergeant Hansen the monster is coming your way , evacuate everyone in the area as fast as you can."

        The officer immediately picked up the radio and said, " Captain I thought you and your team were keeping it from coming in this direction."

         There was static on the other side for a while and after a particularly large explosion the captains voice returned, "We are going to try to give you as much time as possible but he has us against a wall, officer Anderson is already down. We probably won't last another five minutes."

         "Captain maybe I can help, I could get there in less than a minute, two minutes tops."

         The Captain's voice was stern as he said, "Evacuate the civilians Sergeant , that is a direct order from your superior officer," his voice softened as he continued, "It has been an honor serving with you Hansen, you were a good cop and a great friend. You are going to have to coordinate the remaining teams from now on, take care of them Cris."

         And the radio went silent.

         In my mind I started to remember Captain Stephenson , his handlebar mustache , his stern attitude and most of all the crooked grin he gave that made his inner child shine through. 

         I knew that I was probably condemning myself to a painful death but you know what? I had a big smile on my face as I gunned my little ford focus onto the sidewalk and maneuvered the small car around the checkpoint.

         I roared down the deserted streets towards the direction where the sounds of explosions were coming from. When I was close enough to see the giant monster I took the most direct route I could towards it. I finally arrived at the scene of the ongoing battle a little less than two minutes later. 

        The monster really had the police up against a wall and it was using its massive size to block any chance they might have had to escape. It kept picking up cars and throwing them at the police who were hiding behind armored vehicles and throwing grenades at the monster. The monster was slowly approaching their position and if it got there it would be game over for the cops.

          I jumped out of my car and run towards the monster while shouting at it. As I was shouting I made the molecules in the air vibrate just right so that the sound of my voice was magnified. By the time it reached the monster it was loud enough that it was blowing out all the nearby windows. The monster paused its advance to the cops and turned towards me instead. It must have recognized me from the parking lot because it forgot all about the cops and started coming towards me instead.

          I shouted towards the cops as I run back to my car, "Run and get some help, preferably someone with a tank, I'll distract him in the mean while!"

         I zipped through the streets , leading the giant monster towards the east , away from the populated areas and towards areas that had already been evacuated but the problem with my plan was that I eventually got to an area so damaged that there was no longer a way to pass through even for my little Ford focus.

         I looked in the rear view mirror to see the giant lumbering towards me. I jumped out the car and rolled away just in time to see a giant black and white fist smash my treasured car into a flat sheet of metal. 

         Now I was on foot face to face with a humongous monster that was the size of a building who was dead set on turning me into a pancake.

         Lovely.



         