Chapter seventy one

       Over the past few months I have constantly used the butterfly effect to help me get out of many sticky situations, it is not an exaggeration to say that it had become one of the most important and most often used way that I employ my probability manipulation and as such it is also an aspect of my power that I have most experience in. What this means is that I have gotten very good at manipulating the chaotic motions of air molecules to create currents of air but this was the first time that I had used it in such a matter.

         The Atelli was humongous and as such already had a decent amount of air resistance on its body, I made all the air molecules move in such a way that every time he moved they just happened to be moving in the opposite direction making the air resistance acting on his body increase many fold. You might think that a force like air resistance would be inconsequential to a giant monster but it more than halved its speed , in the end it looked like it was trying to move through molasses but even with its speed halved it was still fast enough that it could have caught me very quickly if it wasn't for the second part of my plan.

         Whenever the giant was moving it displaced a tremendous amount of air, I used the butterfly effect to magnify these disturbances and made them into gale force winds. What this means is that whenever the monster tried to catch me he would inadvertently cause a giant gust of wind that blew me away, I would then use my fans to create winds of my own so that I could control my 'flight' . The best way to describe it was that it was like a child chasing a small dandelion with me being the dandelion.

         After a few minutes of our little game the monster had grown frustrated. It roared angrily and pointed its arm in my direction , its middle finger detached from the hand and turned into a stream of swirling light and darkness as it flew towards me. I tried to manipulate the air and dodge it but the attack was too unexpected and I was too slow. It only clipped my left shoulder but the force was strong enough to launch me spinning through the air, I landed on the waiting hands of the concrete pavement. I used my power to make sure I landed in such a way that I didn't die but even after using my powers to get the best possible outcome I was severely injured and barely holding on to consciousness.

         I could feel my broken body tell my brain that it was too hurt and that it needed to shut down but I was a stubborn bitch so I told my body to suck it up and started to repair it as fast as I could. As I was mending my shattered bones, the monster had taken advantage of being free from the crippling air resistance and rushed towards me. I hadn't even finished healing half of my body when a large foot started to descend on me, there was nothing I could do to escape.

         Suddenly there was a giant explosion and the monster staggered backwards before its foot could squash me. A familiar voice started speaking behind me,

         "I guess that this makes us even."

          I turned to the direction the voice was coming from and there was Captain Stephenson holding a grenade launcher.

         "I thought I told you to run away."

          He smiled that crooked smile of his ," Yeah but that didn't mean I had to listen, besides seeing that I just saved you from turning into a smear of blood I think a little gratitude is in order."

           I finished healing myself and got up as the captain rained another volley of grenades , "Thank you captain, by the way where is the military?"

            He reloaded his gun as he spoke, " At first they wouldn't come because they didn't believe us when we told them that there was a monster rampaging in the city but now they are having trouble getting heavy vehicles through populated areas. They have seen what this thing can do now so they are unwilling to condemn their soldiers by parachuting them in and the fools are also unwilling to drop high yield bombs near so many civilians. The only bright side is that choppers have been deployed and will get here any minute. By the way you are raven right?"

           I still had my black feather mask so I guess that made me raven, "Yeah, I'm raven."

           "Well raven, I didn't come alone. I have someone here who says he is a friend of yours."

            Suddenly there was a golden glint in the sun making me turn in that direction. A golden man holding an oversized glowing golden sword almost as large as he was, jumped so hard from the ground that the asphalt was obliterated, he jumped high enough to reach the monster's face and slashed multiple times in rapid succession before gravity brought him down again.

            Adonis had decided to join the show.

            

           

