Chapter seventy two

        Adonis kept slashing at the monster and unlike everything else so far he was able to actually cut the giant monster with his glowing sword but even his large sword that was almost as big as he was didn't hurt the monster that much, in fact it was almost like a paper cut than an injury to the gigantic monster.

        Although his attacks were ineffective I learned something important about the monster, at first I had thought that its whole body was hard and impenetrable, but the hard and impenetrable part was just a shell. Once when Adonis slashed its stomach I was able to get a glimpse into the behemoth and what I saw was a stream of light and darkness extending from its core to the shell but the inside was actually surprisingly hollow.

          A crazy idea was starting to form in my head, and as I was pondering how I was going to make my plan a reality the military choppers finally arrived giving Adonis a much needed break and some breathing space. He was finally able to retreat and headed in our direction as the choppers rained down hell on the monster.

         "Hey there Persephone, you took a nasty fall back there, are you okay?"

         "Never been better Mike, I'm good at bouncing back. Hey Mike, can you do me a favor? Can you do that thing where you make your weapons glow?"

           "Why?"

           "Just humor me."

            He took out a small knife and made it glow a bright golden. Under my soul sight I saw his soul sort of twitch and emit a rope of golden soul energy to the dagger. 

            "Okay, turn it off and do it again."

             He looked bemused but he did as I instructed. I made him repeat the process several times and after I made sure that I knew how he did it I tried to do the same thing. At first I managed nothing more than to look constipated and give myself a headache but after several failed attempts I finally figured out what I was doing wrong, I was trying to imitate what he was doing exactly but we didn't have the same souls so what worked for him wouldn't work for me. Instead of trying to copy what he did I tried to adopt his method to my soul by modifying it slightly.

             I finally succeeded in creating the rope but instead of being golden it was a silvery blue in color. It wasn't as bright as Mike's but as I had a more powerful soul it was much more powerful, in fact it glowed less because it was more focused and thus didn't waste as much energy by shedding light. 

             It might have been less bright than Mike's golden glow but when my fans were suddenly limned with bluish silver light it was definitely noticeable. Mike stood there in shock while I started to smile, the first part of my plan was successful and just in time too since the choppers had exhausted their payloads and were returning to their base.

            Now for the second part, "Hey captain, may I borrow your grenade launcher?"

            He raised his eyebrow at me, "Do you know how to use one?"

           "I'm sure I can manage," the monster was headed in our direction again so I guess it was now or never. I turned towards Mike, "from what I have seen so far you are pretty strong so please throw me towards the hole in the monsters chest."

            Mike tilted his head quizzically, "What hole?"

             I used my newfound power to empower one of the ammunitions for the grenade launcher until it was glowing a silvery blue making it look radioactive, I loaded it into the grenade launcher and pointed it at the approaching monster as I answered Mike's question ,"This hole."

              There was a blue streak from the grenade launcher and it hit the monster squarely on the chest, unlike the bullets before it the glowing bullet penetrated the hard shell before it exploded. The flames created by the explosion were also glowing silver blue and ate away at the hard crust of the monster making a giant hole.

              I jumped into Mike's arms and shouted "Now!", to give him credit he reacted pretty quickly and threw me towards the hole. I coated my fans with the silver blue energy and streaked towards the monsters chest like the bullet I shot a few seconds ago. I entered the hole and further inside until I reached the core of the monster where I found what used to be the three headed Atelli. I used air currents to correct my trajectory and my fan headed for the last of the Atelli's three heads which was the faceless one. Again a shield of light and darkness tried to block me but this time my fans which were glowing silver blue passed through the shield and cut the last head in two.

              The large monster immediately dissolved into motes of light and streams of darkness which then disappeared. As I was falling through the air with the dead body, the Atelli fragment tried to escape like usual but unlike other times instead of one fragment there were two. I made sure to shred both before I used my fans to create a wind that slowed down my descent.

              I didn't bother doing the same thing for the dead body and some twisted part of me enjoyed seeing the bastard go splat.