Chapter seventy five

       I was violently woken up when Delilah jumped on me performing a classic body slam that knocked the breath out of me,

       I was still tired from the flight so I didn't even open my eyes as I said,"Delilah dear, why are you practicing your wrestling moves on me while I am sleeping?"

        She started to shake me violently while squealing, "Get up! Get up! She called me! She actually called me using our hotel room phone! She is here! She wants to meet up and is sending a car over! I can't believe that she is actually here! Why are you still sleeping?"

        I opened one eye lazily to see the flustered Delilah who was was glowing red  with excitement which is a very impressive achievement when your natural skin color is red. Her wings were opening and closing like she was an agitated bird and most important of all she was laying on top of me and bouncing up and down, "You are going to have to slow down sweety, first would you please explain what happened to you to make you so excited?"

      "She called me! She is here and wants to meet up!"

      Whatever was happening had apparently scrambled her mind a little,"You already said that pumpkin, who called you?"

     She finally stopped bouncing," Why do you keep calling me weird names?"

     "What do you mean cupcake?"

      She looked at me suspiciously, "Are you making fun of me?"

      "What would give you that idea sugarplum?"

       She continued her bouncing,"Well I don't even care about that, she called!"

       I was finally annoyed and tired enough to shout, "WHO CALLED?"

       Delilah leaned down and kissed me , "You are so cute when you are angry."

      "JUST FREAKING TELL ME BEFORE I ORDER YOU TO!"

      "Fine , fine. Since you asked so nicely, big sister called me!"

      "Wait a minute, you have a sister?"

      "Well technically no but all succubi call her big sister, as you can imagine hell isn't a very decent place and since succubi aren't exactly known for their strengths other demons try to take advantage of us, well at least they did until she taught us how to handle ourselves. She sort of took everybody under her wings so all the succubi look at her as an older sister. She disappeared more than sixty years ago and we never knew what happened to her. Now get up and get dressed, you have to wear something nice to meet her."

             Why did I suddenly feel like I was going to meet my girlfriend's parents?

        *       *      *

       Delilah forced me to wear a sundress with a ridiculously plunging neckline that nearly made it to my bellybutton and ridiculously high heels to go along with it. She insisted on doing my makeup and hair and when she was done she stood me up in front of a full length mirror and asked,"So what do you think?"

       I looked myself over critically and I was not impressed , "I look like a prostitute."

        She looked offended that I would say that, "No you do not, you look hot!"

       "Oh really, then let's make a bet. I bet that before the day is through I'm going to get an offer to get paid for sex, if I win I can call you whatever I want when I feel like it, if you win I will be your slave for a day, deal?"

        She pounced on the offer eagerly.

        We didn't even leave the lobby of our hotel before she lost the bet.

         Outside a car was waiting for us just like Delilah said it would. It took us to one of the most iconic locations in Vegas history, the Flamingo. We arrived at the slightly older building with the large pink and orange ornament on it that reminded me of a mutated Christmas ball ornament.

         We were quickly ushered through a side door and after going through several hallways arrived at a door, a very thick door. I was getting very suspicious of the whole thing so I palmed my fans and stayed alert , it was a good thing I did too . Right after we had been ushered into the room the thick door was closed behind us and I heard a gunshot going off. I rolled forward on instinct and the bullet meant for my heart grazed my back instead. I quickly healed myself and turned in the direction where the shot had come from, there I saw a gun floating in midair without anybody supporting it. I immediately used soul sight to scan the area and finally saw the culprit behind the attempted murder.

         It was a woman similar to Delilah except that her face looked different, if Delilah looked like an Arabian beauty this woman looked more Polynesian. There were other differences too, her horns weren't small and dainty , they were large and looked almost like a crown on her head. There were golden tattoos allover her body and her wings also had golden veins running through them. 

        I was assuming this was the 'big sister' Delilah was talking about, but why was she trying to kill me?
