Chapter seventy six

        Well big sister or not I was not just going to stand here and let her shoot me full of bullets. I rolled towards her, dodging another bullet in the process. When I got close enough I saw that she wasn't actually using invisibility per say, she was just mimicking the color of the wall behind her like a chameleon. 

         I got close enough to slice her gun in half but I wasn't going to underestimate this opponent, I went behind her and cut the muscles in her back that control her wings while at the same time I severed her Achilles' tendon and pulled her backwards making her fall in that direction. To finish up I used my folded fans like batons and hit nerve clusters near her shoulders temporarily paralyzing her arms. In the end she fell on the ground completely incapacitated with the sharp end of my fan a few inches from her neck.

         Her camouflage slowly faded revealing the terrified succubus who was now in a very sorry state. Delilah quickly rushed over to her and cradled her head on her lap, "Lilith why did you attack Sophia?"

        She looked up at Delilah with a confused look on her face," Isn't it obvious? I wanted to set you free! Why are you acting like I'm crazy because I tried to kill this warlock."

        I cleared my throat, "I'm not a warlock."

        She turned her head to me, "What do you mean you are not a warlock? You summoned her didn't you? You are her master aren't you?"

         "Nope, I didn't summon her but I am her master."

          "So she is your slave! You probably make her do whatever you want against her will!"

          "I wish! I try not to give her direct orders, as for the rest of the time I'm lucky if she listens to me half the time."

           Delilah lightly flicked her nose and said, "Sophia isn't one of those accursed summoners , I pledged my service to her willingly and I have never regretted it for a single moment."

          It took a while for that statement to sink in and Delilah had to rephrase it in several times before she finally understood that she had made a mistake,"I'm sorry , I jumped to conclusions and almost did something unforgivable but I guess I paid the price for it didn't I?"

          Delilah looked at me imploringly with puppy eyes, "Please Sophia, Pretty please with sugar on top."

          I knew what she was asking but I wasn't sure it was a wise thing to do, "Are you sure we can trust her?"

          Delilah rapidly nodded,"She is the most trustworthy person I know, she would rather die than betray a friend."

          "We're not exactly friends, she just tried to shoot me a few minutes ago."

          "That was just a misunderstanding, I'm sure once you get to know each other you'll be the best of friends, I mean we met when you nearly shot me and we're friends."

            I guess that was true, "Fine, but if she betrays my secret I'm going to break her and you know how serious I am when I say that, are you still sure I should do this?"

            Delilah just kept nodding. The woman, I think her name was Lilith, was turning from me to Delilah as if she was following a tennis match, "What are you talking about?"

            I extended my hand towards her, "This."

            Her eyes turned as wide as saucers as all of her injuries suddenly vanished. She gingerly stood up and started to tentatively stretch her wings, she slowly discovered that she was completely healed. She turned to me with her eyes literally aflame with curiosity(succubi have dark eyes with flames in the center instead of irises) , "How did you do that?"

          "No offense but that is need to know information and you don't need to know. I don't know you and I don't trust you, I am cutting you some slack because of Delilah, hell the only reason you are still alive is thanks to Delilah. Next time you act against me directly or indirectly I will go for the kill. I would suggest that you don't ask any questions about me , I will not answer them and Delilah I order you to not reveal anything about me to this woman."

          Delilah seemed surprised by my order, I rarely gave her any direct orders so she knew I was serious when I did, "Aren't you being a bit harsh?"

          I pulled Delilah closer so that Lilith couldn't hear our conversation, "I don't like her Delilah, are you sure she is the person you think she is?"

          "Is it the whole shooting thing? She was just trying to do the right thing and set me free from what she thought was slavery, she had good intentions."

           I fidgeted a little because she had a point, "I know that but something about her just pisses me off, the less we have to do with her the better I will feel."

           She looked and slowly a smile crept on her face , "You're jealous!"

           I was gobsmacked, I have never been jealous in my entire life but then again I've never had a relationship that lasted as long as this one has either.

           She started to giggle , "That is so sweet! You care enough that you are jealous!"

           I tried to deny it but I could feel irrational hatred boiling towards Lilith for no reason at all, was I truly that emotionally invested in my relationship with Delilah?

          Does this mean I was in a committed relationship?

          Holy crap, I was in a committed relationship...

A.n. Happy easter for all y'all of the christian orthodox faith 