Chapter seventy seven

       Lilith showed us around the flamingo and a few other hotels where she had set up 'her girls'. Apparently she had organized most of the prostitutes in Vegas and most high class institutions only allow prostitutes from her organization to enter their establishments. As we went from hotel to hotel we met some of her employees which included a few succubi which she had 'liberated' from warlocks. 

        While she was giving us a tour of Vegas I noticed something strange, all the succubi we met were not alone. They had at least one bodyguard with them, in fact there were three rather large men following us around as well. When I remarked on this fact Lilith's eyes became hard , her nostrils flared and her lips turned into a thin line,

         "There is a warlock running around trying to enslave some of the girls so I've had to hire some muscle as protection. It worked for a while but ever since he got a hold of Mammon he had people helping him too. I've lost three girls to him this week, you should probably watch your back too."

        Delilah looked at me imploringly with big puppy dog eyes again.

        I raised my hands up in surrender, "Fine , we'll help but we're only doing this if it takes only a day or two. We are here for a reason, keep that in mind Delilah."

        She seemed happy with that but Lilith just looked confused, "What are you two talking about now?"

         I answered her question, "I have decided to help you with your warlock problem but first can you tell me where to find him?"

         She shook her head, "If it was that simple I would have hired someone to kill him myself but since he's had Mammon under his thumb he is hiding out with Mammon's staff protecting him."

         Delilah cut in, "How did Mammon get here? Better yet how did you get here? When the two of you disappeared a war nearly broke out among the princes, Lucifer himself had to put his foot down before things calmed down."

        "It all started with Bugsy Siegel, he was a rather famous Jewish gangster , you probably have already heard of him but what you probably don't know about him is that he was also a gifted warlock. He came to Vegas and built the flamingo but it was initially losing money so in an act of desperation he attempted to summon two princes of hell who he believed would help him with his endeavor, Asmodeus prince of lust and Mammon prince of greed. He was successfully able to summon Mammon but he failed miserably with Asmodeus since he didn't have sufficient sacrifice, instead he summoned me. By the time he finished the ritual he had used up so much power that he wasn't able to properly bind us so naturally we eviscerated him and took over Vegas. I took over the Flamingo but Mammon established several companies which now run most of the hotels and casinos in Vegas. He spends most of his time in the Caligula and now this warlock has somehow gotten to him and always stays close to him where it is hard to get to him."

      I started to get the inklings of a plan, "You say that Mammon is the prince of greed?"

      "Yes."

     An evil smile crept onto my face, "I think I know how to get close to him and by doing so get close to the warlock."

       *       *       *

       I entered the Caligula casino dressed to the nines in an expensive gown which was designed by a French man whose name I couldn't pronounce let alone remember. I had my Persephone persona on and thanks to one of Lilith's staff members I had the appropriate spiky black hair and professional makeup. 

       I walked straight up to the place where they hand out chips and had my ID and credit checked. My ID was a fake one that was linked to my account so it was all good. In the end he asked me how many chips I wanted, I asked him that I was going to start with a single thousand dollar chip.

       I took the small chip and headed straight to the roulette table , in a single game I multiplied my single chip into thirty six chips. I went from table to table, never lingering for long but always leaving with more money than I had when I arrived. At one point the staff had to get me a small tray to carry my winnings even though all my chips had been converted to higher denominations.

      I finally arrived at the high stakes tables. I sat down on a poker table with what looked like a man in a tux who looked like he had delusions of being James Bond, an older gentleman with a cowboy hat and a bolo tie, a woman who had so much jewelry that I was surprised she was even able to sit up and a Chinese man in a polo shirt , shorts and flip flops looking totally out of place among everybody else. 

     I had just sat down at the table when another man took a seat next to me and said, "You've been having quite the lucky streak haven't you Ms Heidi ?"(that's what my fake ID said)

      I turned around and came face to face with a man who had a very handsome Latino face that went along with his Italian accent, "What can I say, its my lucky night."

      On the outside he might look like the Italian man straight out of a romance novel cover page but I could see beneath that mask to the desiccated old man with sharp pointy horns and cloven feet, to be honest he looked more like a satyr than a demon but there was no mistake, he was the reason I was fleecing the casino of its money so blatantly, although it was quite enjoyable the main reason I was doing this was to attract his attention.

       And Mammon had taken the bait. 


A.n. I'm sorry for today but things are hectic in my house and I doubt I can get another chapter out. Easter is sort of like thanksgiving here, except instead of one meal we sort of eat all day while celebrating with family.