Chapter seventy eight

         We continued to make light conversation as we played the game, the other players would change periodically but we remained seated , playing poker at the same table. I would lose now and then just to keep things interesting and Mammon who claimed that his name was Tony would invariably win the games that I lost on purpose.

        Slowly a mountain of chips started to pile up in front of me while the pile in front of 'Tony' started to dwindle until it disappeared. He got up then leaned over me smothering me in his cologne ,"Well that is it for me, as much as I would like to sit next to such a beautiful signorina as long as possible it appears that I have run out of capital to do so. If you would like to continue our conversation elsewhere I know a special place in the back that is very private."

        I tried not to gag at his suggestive tone but I couldn't help but throw up just a little bit in my mouth. I tried to smile at him as I replied,"Sure, I'll just deposit my chips and join you if you are willing to wait."

       "No problem, in fact I'll escort you to the counter myself."

        He then led me to the counter where all my chips were deposited into my account. He then led me to a door that said employees only. We went down several flights of stairs until we arrived at a room decorated with thick rugs and ornate light fixtures. There were stuffed leather sofas, basically it looked like a Victorian sitting room which was out of place several floors underground.

        Inside was a thin man that looked about twenty years old wearing a hoodie over his long greasy black hair. He looked pale and combined with his dark clothing and piercings he looked like a classic goth. I used soul sight to scan him and I saw that he had black strands radiating from him like very small very delicate spider webs, in addition to those there were seven glowing strands originating from him and going to the wall on the right, I guess that I found my warlock meaning I have also found my target.

        I quickly took out my fans and unfurled them , I jumped towards the apathetic looking warlock and ended his life by slicing his neck and severing his neck cleanly before he even realized what was going on. I quickly rolled away from the decapitated body before blood could spray on me and turned to the shocked and confused Mammon and said, "I'm sorry about all the cloak and dagger, I'm a friend of one of your colleagues, Lilith. She sent me here to free you and some of her girls from this warlock."

        "Lilith hired you?"

        "Yes. Now that he's dead you're going to be fine right?"

       He nodded dumbly, that was all I needed to know from him and I didn't question him any further, my true objective was to release the succubi now that the warlock was dead. I headed towards the door on the right wall where the slowly dissipating glowing lines from the dead warlock led.

       There was something nagging at me from the back of my mind and seeing those glowing strands growing out from the warlock's dead body made me realize what it was, when Delilah was bound she had that same glowing rope connected to a collar made out of symbols on her neck but Mammon had absolutely nothing around his neck or any other part of his body, Lilith had said he was bound and the warlock had been sitting right here with earphones stuffed in his ear but there was no glowing strand leading from the warlock to Mammon. Something was very wrong with this picture.

       I turned around just in time to duck a cloven foot that had probably had enough power to smash my head into pieces. I used my duck to generate some spin which I used to cut off the cloven foot that was now suspended over my head at the knee. I continued my spin while crouching even lower and took Mammon's other leg at the knee making him fall down on his back with nothing but stumps where his legs used to be. 

      "That was uncalled for Mammon, why did you just try to kill someone who came here to help you remove your warlock problem , unless of course the warlock wasn't a problem. You were behind the whole thing weren't you?"

       The old demon was panting heavily as he answered, "I own Vegas, I made it what it is! Every cent spent here should go to me but that whore Lilith had organized the prostitutes and started making money, money that should have been going to me! I tried to take back the business several times but she refused to be bought out and thanks to her succubi any rival organization I made was doomed to fail so I decided to hire a warlock to get the succubi for me."

       "Why are you confessing so easily?"

        His eyes suddenly locked onto mine and I was sucked into his slitted goat like pupils, I could see images of money , fast sports cars and countless beautiful women dancing around in the depth of his eyes, his voice was hypnotically soft as he spoke, "I will pay you ten times what Lilith is paying you and I will fulfill your wildest desires. I will give you all that you could ever want , just let me go and kill Lilith instead."

        Did he really think that he could use the Jedi mind trick on me? I walked over to the demon and quickly decapitated him too. 

        Good riddance to bad goats.

         
A.n. there , I somehow managed another chapter. Sorry if the quality is below par, I wrote it while I was sent out to buy some beer.
      
