Chapter seventy nine

        The old wooden door set in the wall of the Victorian looking sitting room was locked but a slash from one of my fans was enough to sever the locking mechanism making it open slowly , the old and rusty hinges squealed like tortured pigs as the door swung ajar killing any chance of stealth I might have had but thankfully there was nothing on the other side that could harm me.

        I carefully scanned the dark room with my soul sight revealing the seven succubi who were being kept prisoner. Their souls had grown weak and the light that they were emitting had grown so faint that I could barely see them even with my soul sight. I searched the wall until I found the switch to the light in the room which was only a single bulb that was hanging from an exposed wire. It lit up exposing a bare concrete room that contained small metal cages that were holding the succubi inside. They looked quite wretched confined in the small cage, unable to lie down or even stretch a little. Their wings were in tatters and their tails had been removed leaving behind a gaping wound at the back of their spine in addition to several other small injuries that covered their entire bodies. The succubi had grown so weak that they were not even using their ability to look human so I could see clearly how gaunt they looked. Their movements were sluggish and feeble, each small change in position usually causing some wound to rub against the metal bars of the excessively small cage making them release a tiny hiss of pain. The fire that usually burned within a succubus's dark eyes were nearly extinguished leaving behind nothing but a feeble spark.

       As I was witnessing the horror of what had been done, an anemic voice which I could barely hear spoke from one of the cages, "We aren't going to give you our true name Slade, you might have bound us but you do not own us. We will never betray Lilith...you might as well just kill us."

      I run towards the cages and quickly cut through the bars , setting the succubi free. The tired succubi tried to lie down on the ground but with their whole bodies covered in wounds they were unable to do so. I wanted to heal them but their souls barely had any energy left, I didn't know what would happen if I attempted to heal them and it sapped what little remained of their energy.

      There was only one thing I could think of to help, I leaned over each one and gave them a deep lingering kiss on their lips. They didn't look very appealing with their wasted and tortured appearance but I closed my eyes and imagined what they would look like if they weren't hurt and kissed their lips with as much passion and lust as I could muster, I could feel the lips I was kissing slowly turn from chapped and clammy to soft and warm as the weak succubi were revitalized by the new influx of energy I was providing them using the kiss. By the end of each kiss the fire in each succubuses eyes had turned into bonfires and they were responding furiously to my kiss. Their souls were glowing bright pink and were strong enough that I healed them of all their injuries.

       I pulled back from the last succubus who let go of me reluctantly and looked around at my handiwork. Were previously there had been seven frail succubi with debilitating injuries now there were seven healthy succubi which all looked alluring and beautiful. 

       I spoke up loud enough so that all of them who looked a little dazed could hear me, "Hello, my name is Sophia and I was sent here by Lilith to rescue you. The warlock binding you is dead and I have healed you but to do that I had to kiss you, I'm sorry if that offended or embarrassed any of you."

       One of the succubi raised her hands as if we were in a classroom, "Hey I don't feel quite healed enough , can you do that again?"

       The succubus behind her smacked her in the head, "Stop joking around, we all have enough juice to last us for days if we don't overuse our powers."

        The first succubus rubbed her head where the second one had hit her while pouting her already pouty lips, "Ouch, that hurt! You didn't need to hit me just because I wanted another kiss, besides everybody is thinking about it, I was just the one to say it out loud."

        The second succubus threw an apologetic look my way, "I'm sorry about her behavior, Lucy has always been a bit of a free spirit," she turned to Lucy and said,"have you ever considered that she doesn't want to kiss you back?"

        Lucy looked confused as she answered, "No, why wouldn't she want to kiss me back? I'm hot!"

        The second succubus just gave a long suffering sigh and turned back towards me , "Hello I'm Martha, thank you for saving us. As I've already said this is Lucy, next to her is Jasmine , Pepper , Dorothy , Kelly, and Nancy."

        All the succubi were beautiful but each was subtly different. For example Martha gave off a mature and responsible vibe while Lucy gave off a carefree attitude. Jasmine was the most voluptuous(that was saying something among the always gifted succubi) Pepper was the tallest and looked delicate, Dorothy the smallest and cutest, Kelly was the only succubus I have ever seen with short hair and Nancy looked reserved even while she was standing there naked. I greeted each succubus and asked them to transform into their human forms so that we could escape unnoticed.

        I walked out of the Caligula with seven beautiful women. One , a blond, clung affectionately to my arm while another one who looked like a stern secretary tried to pry her off me, repeatedly apologizing for her inappropriate behavior.

       I didn't really mind.

        

