Chapter eighty

         We arrived back at the Flamingo in a limo that Lilith had sent for us. We were greeted by a large welcoming party mostly consisting of succubi. As soon as we left the limo we were all dragged into a large banquet hall that had been decorated for a party. Lilith personally welcomed all seven girls and asked to speak to me privately.

          She pulled me aside to a quiet corner of the room, "First of all thank you for saving the girls. I am forever in your dept but I have to ask what happened? You are wearing Mammon's prized watch and Lucy nearly cried when we separated her from you."

          I told her a short version of what happened. As for the watch,  I was leaving the prison with the girls when I saw that Mammon's body had vanished. When I looked closer to see what happened all I found was what remained of his tattered suit and this watch. I took it because it was one of the coolest things I have ever seen. It was a Rolex made entirely of gems. The cogs , the band , and all of the pieces were made out of highly polished and appropriately cut diamonds. The numbers were made out of bright green emeralds and the arrows were strips of sparkling red rubies. It must have been the most expensive watch in the world and I couldn't just leave it laying on the ground so I appropriated it.

          As I was admiring my new watch Lilith was digesting the news that Mammon wasn't the friend she thought he was ,"Well I guess it isn't that surprising that the prince of greed got greedy. But there is one thing I don't understand, why did Lucy and the other girls, although they tried to hide it, act so attached to you? I know that you saved them but this seemed more than just gratitude."

        Delilah bounded over from wherever she had been hiding all this time and gave me a welcome kiss that managed to curl my toes," I know why, its because she is the best treat a succubus could have." She then leaned closer to me and whispered in my ear, "I'm sorry I didn't meet you at the door like everybody else but I was a bit busy talking to Kazimir."

         I smiled at her and said, "That's alright. So what did Kaz have to say?"

         "Surprisingly little, he is having trouble finding the exact location of  Fairweather tech's testing facility."

          Well that sucked, I couldn't really do anything unless I had that information.

           I was lost in thought wondering what I should do next when I heard Lilith ask Delilah what she meant by her earlier remark but Delilah just smiled slyly and said, "Why don't you kiss her and find out?"

           I was a little distracted so I couldn't really react when Lilith grabbed my face and put her lips against mine. After that I sort of went on automatic before I could put conscious thought into it and grabbed her waist to pull her closer. Before I knew it I was kissing Lilith as hard as she was kissing me. I eventually managed to extricate myself from her leaving her breathless and flustered, she turned to Delilah and said, "That was just from a kiss? What the hell?"

          Delilah giggled , "Yeah I know, she is like catnip for succubi. I don't even have sex with her unless I have substantial amount of time to recover from the power high."

         I interrupted them , "What just happened?"

        Delilah looked at me in confusion, "I asked Lilith to have a taste of you."

        I was starting to feel like I was missing something obvious, "And you're OK with that?"

        She smiled as if finally understanding my question, "A few days ago I probably would have guarded you jealously but now that I know that you care about me I'm not worried anymore."

         "Wait, are you saying what I think you are saying? Because you know that I want to keep you to myself and it doesn't seem fair that I am free to sleep around."

         "Look I now know that you aren't going to leave me and you are enough for me, more than enough really, in fact after being with you I don't think I can even enjoy being with anybody else, so my proposal is that you can indulge yourself now and then without pissing me off. Of course if you start neglecting me I will be super upset and you shall face my wrath but otherwise you can have fun."

         Lilith quickly said, "I am available if you want to indulge right now."

         Lucy suddenly appeared out of nowhere and said, "Me too."

         The six other girls I rescued were behind her trying to look inconspicuous while at the same time trying to catch my eye.

          Eventually the welcome home party turned into a massive orgy. I guess that wasn't that surprising considering that the room was filled with gorgeous sex demons.

