Chapter eighty two

         .....3

         .....2

         .....1

         .....0

          The image on the screen to the left which was the one showing a live feed to the European Organization for Nuclear Research suddenly changed as sirens started to flash and klaxons started to wail. The formerly ordered group of scientists in lab coats turned into a chaotic mob similar to a disturbed nest of ants as they scrambled about , panicking as their computers displayed numbers that they could not explain. The very sensitive instruments within the large hadron collider that were there to measure and detect the smallest of things in the universe were picking up something that simply wasn't there before, a new form of energy.

          At first I had tried to stop the event that caused a hole to be torn in the very fabric of our universe from even happening but I couldn't, the experiments in the large hadron collider had been going on for years and that meant that the fabric of the universe had been gradually eroded until it now had a resistance equivalent to a wet tissue, a stray wind could have torn it at this point.

         I couldn't stop the hole from forming, but what I could do was make sure that all the parameters I could shift shifted just a little , causing all the calculations that the Atelli used to make the equipment to guide the hole being formed to be faulty, so when the time came and the hole was created the guiding mechanism that the Atelli had so carefully designed and built to operate under very precise specifications became completely useless.

        While this meant that we were safe from the Atelli invasion for the time being, it came with a whole new set of problems. What I did was make the doorway miss, so even though it didn't open a doorway to the Atelli home world it opened a doorway to somewhere but I had no idea where, anything could come out of that hole now, from a swarm of dragons to a jolly group of smurfs, literally nothing was impossible.

         I had gambled the fate of this universe on a giant game of Russian roulette and now it was time to see if my gamble had saved humanity or doomed it .

         As the seconds ticked by and nothing happened except for the scientists running around like headless chickens Marcus's expression started to darken as he realized that something had gone terribly wrong for him,

         "What did you do?"

         I looked at him with my very best innocent girl expression that was somewhat ruined by the shit eating grin I just couldn't suppress, "Whatever do you mean? I am way over here in Nevada and the hadron collider is way over there in Switzerland, are you suggesting that I was responsible for something that happened thousands of miles away?"

         I could hear his teeth grinding and I could almost feel another epic tantrum coming from him, he had gone to great lengths to arrange all this so that he could gloat to me about how I had failed but the tables had been turned in a sudden reversal and now he was the one who had failed and I was the one who was gloating.

        His voice came out in an angry growl as he repeated his former question, "What did you do?"

        I couldn't really let him know about my powers so I started to bullshit as hard as I can, "Well I hate to break it to you but your so called 'secret plan' wasn't so secret. We have had counter measures in place to stop you for weeks now. Yes I said we, did you really think I was working alone? With how well funded and equipped I am didn't you find it a little bit suspicious? Didn't you find it odd that I know your every move before you make it? We are everywhere, the friendly neighbor that waves at you every morning, your underpaid Gardner José, or maybe behind the bushes or in your very shadows, we could be right in front of you and you wouldn't even know it. In fact we have been keeping you under surveillance for years, we might have thought that it would be unwise to spark a war between our two factions and turned a blind eye to your activities as long as they remained on a smaller scale but now that you have escalated to this level you have pushed us beyond the point of acceptable tolerance and have forced us to act, consider this an official declaration of war."

        He suddenly got up from his chair and shouted, "Who are you to threaten me as if I was a misbehaving child that you have every right to punish?"

        I gave him my most serious look and said, "We are the templars."

        I hope the templars had an umbrella because a shit storm was heading their way. Hopefully that will keep Marcus distracted for a some time, meanwhile I had to deal with whatever was going to come through the doorway.

        It was time to go to Switzerland.