Chapter eighty three


        We had a drawn out and tearful goodbye at the airport that drew far too much attention especially from all the men since all of the succubi had insisted on coming with us to the airport to 'give us a proper farewell' which involved a rather liberal amount of hugging , kissing and even some light groping done covertly, the succubi of las Vegas finally let us go(not Lucy she had to be pried off by the other succubi because she refused to let go of me) after they made us promise to visit them as soon as possible. Delilah and I boarded the private plane and a few minutes later we were off, on our way to Geneva Switzerland.

       As I have mentioned before my adopted grandfather is a very rich man so his private plane was fully loaded with all types of extravagant luxuries and exorbitant amenities to make the flying experience as comfortable and enjoyable as possible. One of these amenities was a high speed WiFi connection which I was now using to watch the news. 

       So far there was nothing about strange creatures being sighted or monsters rampaging in Switzerland or nearby areas but I was keeping a close eye on the situation there just in case something happened. I needed to be as ready and as prepared as possible for whatever waited for me in Geneva, that hole led somewhere , whatever was on the other side hasn't crossed over yet and there might not be anything dangerous on the other side but a feeling in my gut was telling me that something big was going to happen. I could almost feel it, like how you could almost smell the ozone in the air before a thunderstorm. Something was coming and it was probably going to change the world forever so even though I was tired and feeling sleepy I snuggled into my soft chair slash bed and concentrated on the screen of my laptop as the clouds drifted past outside of my window.

        I must have fallen asleep because my eyes were closed and when I opened them again all the clouds had disappeared and the sun was sinking into the horizon in a brilliant display of deep red and bright gold but it wasn't the breathtaking sunset that had woken me up. I was having a strange feeling almost like a tingling I sometimes feel when something is about to happen, usually something violent and dangerous that could endanger my life. The hairs on the back of my neck were rising and I could feel goosebumps up and down my arms. Something was definitely up.

    I quickly checked all the major news updates on the internet and found something unsettling. There was no news coming out of Switzerland. I didn't mean that there was no news as in everything was OK so there was nothing to report.

     No this was something more ominous than that, Switzerland and a part of France had gone dark as of fifteen minutes ago. No information was going in or out of that area. Cellphones weren't working , the internet was down and even satellite imaging had become iffy.

     The last thing to come out of Switzerland was a grainy cellphone video that only lasted a little over two minutes, two minutes six seconds to be exact but it was more than enough to make my heart drop into the pit of my stomach and my blood run cold.

      It showed flying creatures having an areal melee, one side were bright and beautiful with their giant white feathered dove like wings that spanned over seven meters from wing tip to wing tip as they glided majestically in the skies clad in golden armor and emitting a golden radiance that was like an aura that surrounded each one, their beautiful androgynous faces etched with righteous fury as they wielded flaming swords against their enemies.

      As for their enemies they were mostly red devils with horns , bat like wings and tails wielding tridents. All of their already monstrous faces were twisted into an even more hideous mask of hatred and malice. One on one they were cut down by the ones in golden armor but they had numbers on their side as they swarmed the outnumbered angels and brought them down by sheer numbers alone and as if that wasn't enough they also had giant twisted creatures and grotesque abominations among them that they used to devastating effect.

    It was a scene straight out of the old testament but most of the news networks were showing it mostly as a joke, they were still unaware that their world has changed irrevocably.

     The apocalypse was here.

     I had played Russian roulette with the fate of the universe.

     I could almost hear the bang of a gun firing because I had lost.