Chapter eighty four


      I sat there with a despondent expression on my face when Delilah poked me so hard that I probably bruised beneath my shirt, apparently she had been poking me to get my attention for a while now and I hadn't even noticed.

     Concern was thick in her voice as she spoke while looking into my eyes, "Are you alright there? You sort of froze in that position for five minutes and wouldn't respond when I called you,  you were starting to freak me out a little. You are not sick are you? Can you even get sick? "

      "No , I can't get sick."

      "Then what's wrong?"

      "Oh nothing, just caused a biblical apocalypse, no biggie."

      "Wait, what?"

       "Yeah, Switzerland has become ground zero for the start of the biblical apocalypse. There is an epic war between angels and demons going on there. Here , watch this." I handed her the laptop so that she could see the video. It was preloaded so all she had to do was press play. Two minutes and six seconds later she closed the lid of the laptop and said,"Those aren't demons."

         I looked at her incredulously, "Of course they are demons , they have horns and everything."

         She narrowed her eyes at me until they were just slits, "I didn't know that you were such an expert in demonology, so much so that you are correcting an actual demoness on the subject of what is or isn't a demon. So Ms expert your criteria for being a demon is having and I quote 'horns and everything', is that a scientific term?"

        "It sounds stupid when you say it like that."

         "That is because it is stupid honey, now that we have your stupidity out of the way I can tell you why they are not demons. There are seven types of demons modeled after the seven deadly sins. You've already met greed and lust , obviously not the same as the ones in the video. A demon of gluttony would be so fat that it could barely get off the ground let alone do those fancy aerial maneuvers. A demon of sloth wouldn't even bother getting out of bed let alone get in a battle. A demon of pride would be too busy looking at its own reflection and a demon of envy would literally be green, the only type of demon that is green not red which is kind of ironic. Finally it is not a demon of wrath because one of those would smash and then gobble down the 'demons' in the video like a stoner going after cheerios. Ergo they are not demons."

          That actually helped me cheer up a little, if those weren't demons then there was probably no apocalypse, "Then why do they look like demons so much, in fact they look more like demons than you guys." I took the laptop back and opened the video again to see the fake demons.

         She got a faraway look on her face, "Actually I noticed that too, its almost as if they were based on what humans believe demons look like, which actually originated from one of Lilith's pranks. She visited some Italian's dream , his name was Dante I think, and took him on a journey through hell or actually what he thought was hell, she made the whole thing up."

        "You mean Dante as in the author of Dante's inferno?"

        "Yeah that guy. Most images of demons are now derived from his book and these ..."

         I wasn't really listening to her anymore because the internet wasn't working . I tried everything and then I saw that the small icon for the wireless connection was gray indicating that it was inactive. I suddenly came to a very obvious realization, we must have reached Switzerland air space. The pilots probably didn't know what was going on and since satellite and radio weren't work they couldn't contact anyone. If what my watch was telling me was correct then we should be deep in Switzerland where a large aerial battle was happening. We were flying pretty high up but from what I saw from the video height didn't seem to be a problem for the combatants. All I could say was, "Oh shit!"

         Delilah stopped in the middle of her tirade and sighed, "What's wrong now?"

         "We have been flying in Switzerland for about ten minutes now. You know, that place where there is a giant fight happening in the air that could be hazardous to flying objects, like say a plane."

         She immediately looked out the window and I did the same thing.

         We both saw the giant flaming carcass of what I assume was a dead monster coming at us.

         Delilah backed away while I exclaimed,

         "Son of a ..." BOOOOOM!

         

           