Chapter eighty five


        I tried to use my powers to make the gigantic flaming missile of twisted flesh miss the plane but it was just too massive and too close by the time I noticed it, at least I managed to steer it away a little so that it didn't hit us directly which would have been an instant death sentence for everyone on the plane, instead it clipped the tail of the plane taking that part along with it as it continues its 'flight'. 

       Since we were at a considerable height, when the back end of the plane disappeared there was a large difference in pressure between the air outside of the plane and inside of the plane. Nature quickly attempted to fix this problem which caused rapid and violent decompression , anything that wasn't nailed down started to fly around the cabin, one of the seats even came loose and nearly took my head off as it hurtled out of the newly created hole at the back of the plane and as if that wasn't aggravation enough the small yellow breathing apparatuses fell from an overhead compartment accomplishing absolutely nothing except to further exacerbate the problem by accidentally poking me in the eye.

      But I didn't have to worry about this problems for long, the collision with the massive missile of flesh had caused the plane to go into a tailspin. Planes are designed to go in only one direction and one direction only, forward. The tailspin caused the plane to experience forces that it was never designed to cope with which resulted in it falling apart as if it was made from Lego bricks.

     In the end the plane simply didn't exist anymore , all of us were just strapped in our chairs, hurtling forward at incredible speeds , hundreds of miles up in the air. I used my powers to stop the debris from harming the two pilots and the two hostesses but now gravity was starting to grab a hold of us. I quickly unbuckled my seatbelt and I saw Delilah do the same.

    I used air manipulation to orient myself and float towards the pilots while Delilah unfurled her wings and then dived to one of the hostesses, she unbuckled her seatbelt and carried the woman in a princess carry. I unbuckled the seatbelts of the two pilots, both older gentlemen who seemed to be trying to say something but were unable to do so because their voices were swallowed up by the air rushing by. Now I had the problem of keeping two pilots aloft, I couldn't exactly carry them using a princess carry like Delilah.

    I grabbed them by the scruff of their necks and dragged them towards the last inhabitant of the plane, the second hostess. Delilah was only able to carry one person making the other three my responsibility. I reached the hostess in short order and liberated her from the seat. Now that everyone was free from their seats it was time to stop our plummet towards earth and an undoubtedly painful demise.

    Thankfully after my fight with the giant Atelli in Oslo (which I now call the twin destroyer in my head) I had researched ways I could use my powers to fly and came up with a simple solution, mini tornados. I use random air motion to push the molecules above me away which creates an area of low pressure and concentrate the molecules beneath me to create an area of high pressure . The air from underneath me will try to fill that area of low pressure and travel upwards causing lift but as it passes I cause it to spin so that it will generate more lift while traveling very slowly. This causes a small funnel to form around me making it look like I am riding a tornado.

    I used four of these 'tornados' , one for each pilot , one for the hostess and the last one for myself to slow down our fall while Delilah was flapping her wings to keep herself and her passenger aloft. Eventually we were able to stop falling and just floated in the air for a moment, looking around and checking for danger.

    I had taken out my fans , it has almost become a reflex to take them out when I am in danger. The hostess that was floating next to me was staring at the fans with wide eyes. She was a young woman who was short but leggy and was of Asian descent. Something in the slant of her eyes made me think that she wasn't Chinese or Japanese but most likely Korean.

     She let out a high pitch squeal, not a scream of fear which would have been understandable given the situation but the unique noise that fans(the person not the accessory) make when they meet the object of their admiration.

    She started to speak in that same high pitched voice, "You're her, you're her. Oh my god you are her. You are Raven, oh my god I can't believe I just met The Raven. My sister is going to flip when she hears that she missed out on meeting Raven because she switched shifts with me, can I have your autograph? I am your biggest fan, I even have all your comics and action figures."

     I was amazed that even under these circumstances she looked like a kid who had gotten her most favorite thing in the universe for Christmas, "Is this really the time for this? We are in the middle.....wait a minute , did you say that I have comic books and action figures?"

    She nodded her head while staring up at me with admiration, if this was an anime she would probably have stars in her eyes, "Yes, and I have each and everyone of them. Even the limited edition one with the fans that glow in the dark."
    
    Delilah cut into our conversation when she shouted a warning while somehow managing to sound sardonic at the same time,

    "I hate to interrupt your conversation about toys but we have incoming at 12 O'Clock."
