Chapter eighty six

       I looked in the direction that Delilah was pointing towards and I could see a speck in the distance, the speck quickly grew and resolved itself into five glowing angels clad in their golden armor, wielding their flaming swords, and glowing like fireflies in June as they flew in a V formation.

       When they were a few meters away from us the one who was acting as the wedge for their formation raised his(they looked androgynous so it could have gone either way but I decided to go with he instead of the whole he/she nonsense, I'm all up for equality but that stuff is just ridiculous) sword high before he loudly declared,

       "Release thy human captives foul demon, I shall not allow thee to use thy evil sorceries to foul their souls and entrap them into an eternity in hell. Thy doom approaches foul demon and it rides on the fair wings of the host."

     He had four wings instead of two like the rest of his friends and was dead serious as he made his speech. I was just trying really hard not to break down and laugh, people rarely take it well when you laughed in their faces and I was hoping that I wouldn't have to fight these angels.

      Delilah looked confused as she replied, "Are you talking to me? I'm not trying to take them to hell, in fact I'm trying to save their lives, if you haven't noticed we are a couple of miles off the ground. Plus why are you speaking like that, this isn't Shakespeare in the park , just speak normally dude."

       "Dost thou think that an angel of the host canst wit thy plan to confound and confuse? I am Barabiel , a Seraphim of the host, such beguilement is useless against one such as I." After he said that he struck a pose with his chest puffed out and his long gleaming golden hair waving gently in the wind, "Dost thou see how hopeless it is for thine purpose? Dost thou wish to surrender meekly to my blade instead of being humiliated in battle?"

       Delilah just tilted her head to one side and said, "Whaaa..?"

        I couldn't help it anymore, I started laughing. It started when a snort escaped my lips which I was trying to keep sealed by puckering them as hard as possible, the angels must have thought I was constipated because they were giving me weird looks. But after that one snort escaped it was like a runaway train, it just couldn't be stopped. The snort became snicker which evolved into a giggle which turned into a full blown belly laugh.

        Barabiel raised one of his eyebrows at me, "Dost thou find something amusing?"

        I tried to control my laughter and put on a serious face but I wasn't sure how successful I really was, " I'm sorry your mightiness seraphim Barabiel sir but I think you..I mean thou are jumping to conclusions. Delilah isn't like the demons you are fighting, she is one of the good guys."

         He didn't look reassured , in fact he looked downright infuriated, "Art thou mocking me?"

         I saw where this was going and tried to avert the incoming crisis but my smart mouth got in the way,"No, at least not intentionally."

          "Thou hath obviously been bewitched by the demon's sorcery but I shall save thy soul by purging thy worldly vestments and setting thine soul on the path to heaven." he then raised his flaming sword and flew in my direction.

          I sent a large gust of wind in his direction which sent him careening backwards , tumbling ass over head before he could regain his balance.

         Now I was seriously pissed, "Are you crazy? I made one small snide comment about you and you retaliate by trying to kill me? Are you completely insane?"

         "I am not insane, but I finally understand thy attachment to the demon, thou art a witch! Thy soul hath already been tainted by thine foul rituals, thou hath already dealt with hell to gain infernal powers. Thou art almost as deplorable as the demon, I shall smite thee and free thine innocent captives."

          I was now officially done with this shit, I was done being polite. It was time to go to to plan v, v for violence. Why does it feel like I always resort to plan v? *sigh* Well at least this time I'll try to be as gentle as possible but before I cut off all their wings( its plan v, what did you expect?) I wanted to try something out.

          I created a larger version of the mini tornados that were keeping us afloat to encircle each angel but made the spinning winds much more intense, now the angels were trapped in the high velocity winds but they could still escape upwards or downwards, before they could figure out this fact I warped the winds so that they could form a sort of wind cocoon but now there was no area of high pressure and low pressure to maintain the winds. This is where the experimental bit came in, I tried to empower the winds with my soul energy and it worked! The angels were now all trapped within cocoons of wind that were glowing a silvery blue.

        Now what the hell was I supposed to do with five angels that I had just put in time out like they were naughty children?


