Chapter eighty seven

       Trapping five angels and keeping three people in addition to myself aloft was putting a strain on my powers, I felt that it would be prudent to land under my own power before I run out of energy while I was suspended this high up in the air and crash onto the ground under the mercy of gravity who is a stone cold bitch , unfamiliar with words like mercy . I quickly descended along with my passengers and my prisoners closely followed by Delilah and her solitary passenger who seemed to have passed out.

      As we descended a scene of absolute devastation started to form beneath us, what I thought was an uninhabited area was revealed to be what looked like an average sized town, at least it used to be. Now it looked like a scene from a post apocalyptic movie. The buildings were in ruins , the blackened and burned out husks of cars were evident in every street and most telling of all, the bodies that were strewn all over the area of what was left of the town.

     Here and there you could see the bodies of the 'angels' and 'demons' but most of the bodies were those of normal human beings that were living their normal lives when this happened, innocent civilians that were going about their daily routines when they were caught in the crossfire between two forces that fought for reasons they didn't understand, in a war that they never agreed to. Now they lay dead , collateral damage of a meaningless war.

     Looking around at the pure devastation around me started to make me feel guilty but unlike that time in Norway I didn't make a stupid decision that led to this, no this time I made the only decision that I could but seeing the bodies of around me, especially those of little children I couldn't stop myself from feeling something so because my mind was telling me it was illogical to feel guilt while my heart was bleeding on behalf of the innocent people whose lives were cut short, I start to feel rage, hot burning rage that threatened to consume me. I wanted someone to pay for this and unluckily for the five ,angels' I was keeping prisoner they were the closest things I could lay my hands on.

     First I released the cocoon around the four winged seraphim, Barabiel.

     Once he was free he wasted no time in swinging his flaming sword towards me which I blocked with one of my glowing fans while using the other one to cut the sword near the hilt so that there was nothing left in Barabiels hand except the grip of his sword. I then moved forward and kicked him in the chest causing him to fall backwards on his wings, I could hear the crunch of bones breaking as his wings were crushed beneath his heavy armor clad body. He started to scream but I kicked him in the diaphragm , robbing him of breath,

     "Shut up, you do not get to scream. Look around you oh great seraphim writhing on the ground, look at the things you have accomplished," I punctuated each word with with a kick on different parts of his body. I leaned down and grabbed golden hair and forced him to look around, "Are you pleased that you have accomplished your holy mission oh great seraphim, do you celebrate the deaths of innocent ,even the children? Do you tell yourself that you 'released them from their mortal vestments' when you killed them? Is that what you really believe? Well let me tell you something, you are wrong. You aren't an agent of heaven sent here to redeem our souls, you aren't even a real angel."

    The bruised and battered face of the once beautiful angel faced me and said with much difficulty because of the numerous injuries I had inflicted on him, "I...am....an....angel..*cough*...of....the...*cough*...host."

    I looked into his proud eyes and felt the poison of pure anger take a hold of my mind, "Oh , is that so. Are you telling me that you are an angel of the host?"

    "...yes."

    "Just like your four compatriots here?"

    "...yes."

    I slowly undid all their prisons in such a way that they were visible but still restrained, this configuration of holding just hands and legs was very unstable but since this wasn't going to take long it was perfect for my purpose,"Look at your brothers, what do you see?"

    "Four...*cough*..proud...cherubim."

     "Is that so? You know what I see? I see four fake angels. I see four identical pieces that were made like cookies made by the same cookie cutter. Look at them, they aren't individuals. They aren't unique, and you know why that is?" I waved my hand and the four angels literally dissolved into the air, "they are not real."

     I could see the shock and pain in his face followed by creeping doubt, "Why...did...you..?"

     "Did what? Murder them? It's not murder, they were not really sentient, they had no souls. What I did was comparable to blowing out a candle."

     I saw the doubt on his face multiply then get replaced by fear, for the first time since we met I saw the fear, no fear was too light a word , the absolute terror on his face,"I..am...fake? I ...have...no...soul?"

     I looked at him carefully then answered his question,"No, for some reason you have something that resembles a soul."

     
A.n. I'm still sick, but now I am under heavy medication and high as a kite, I hope I haven't messed up the story too much.
    


