Chapter eighty eight

     After my anger had a chance to cool off a little, I saw that I might have gone a little overboard while venting out said anger upon bird boy, I even felt a modicum of guilt especially when bird boy started crying.

     Delilah approached me from behind while I was watching bird boy bawl like a baby, she tapped my shoulder to get my attention and said, "We might have a tinsy winsy problem."

     I had a premonition that something really bad was about to happen, "How tinsy winsy?"

     She raised her hand and wobbled it in a so-so gesture, "Not catastrophic. While you were torturing pigeon boy here, which I thought was absolutely brutal by the way, not only beating him up mercilessly but also destroying everything that he believes in and reducing him to this sad ruin of what he used to be, it was absolutely flawlessly executed, anyways as I was saying before I got sidetracked, while you were torturing pigeon boy I was using my hypnosis ability to make sure that the pilots and the hostesses think that Sophia and Raven are two different people but I sort of ran into a little snag."

     I had a bad feeling that I knew where this is going, "Please , don't tell me..."

     She shrugged her shoulders, "I'm afraid so, the hypnosis didn't work on your biggest fan. Her name is Kim by the way and if she asks me what it is like to be your sidekick one more time I will make her disappear and you won't have to worry about her anymore."

      I massaged the bridge of my nose with the tips of index finger and thumb as I felt a headache coming, "Look I don't have time for this right now, I need to talk pigeon boy here out of the depression he is in so that he can lead us to the doorway he came from so that we may close it or something before the entire world is flooded with warring angels and demons. Please keep Kim occupied while I talk to weepy, the long lost brother of the seven dwarves."

     She looked over at the crying angel and looked back at me with a doubtful expression, "Good luck with that, I'll just be over there, trying not to strangle Kim."

     
      I went to the weeping angel and healed him, I figured that healing him of his injuries and stopping what I believed to be crippling pain would at least help a little but he didn't even seem to notice what I had done for him. For a second I just stood there unable to say anything to break the awkward silence that was periodically punctuated by a sob, finally I forced myself to talk,

     "Look I'm sorry dude, I shouldn't have sprung this on you like this."

      He looked up at me with aching emptiness in the depth of his baby blue eyes, "It matters not how thou delivered the fact,in the end everything I was and everything I had believed to be true is false. I no longer have a reason to exist. Thou shalt just blow me away like my late brethren."

      "Listen to me , you are not like those copies. I couldn't do that to you even if I wanted to. You may not be an angel but you are a real person, the question is are you a good person?"

      "I don't even know who I am anymore."

      "Well then let me put it to you in another way, you have two choices. You can help me by showing me the location of the gate to your world so that I can close it and on the way I will destroy the demons and save all your angel buddies or you can refuse to help me and I will twist your soul so that you will feel eternal agony and after I figure out the way to the gate myself I will take great pleasure in plucking the feathers of all the angels I meet like they were Christmas chickens."

      
       Just like I had hoped the emptiness and sorrow were replaced with horror and fear, two emotions I could use. He stuttered, "Thou art a monster!"

      I put on my most intimidating and maniacal grin, the one that I had practiced in the bathroom mirror just in case a moment like this would occur,"You don't know the half of it bird boy. Not only am I willing to do anything to save my race but I am also able to do to all of those things. I am giving you a choice here, in terms you will understand a giant chariot is departing from here, cooperate and you will get a comfortable seat inside, if you don't cooperate it will run your ass over and leave nothing but roadkill behind. So what do you choose, comfortable seat or roadkill?"

     