Chapter eighty nine

      Thankfully pigeon boy folded under my rather extreme threat and agreed to lead us to the hole that was gushing angels and demons. We stashed the pilots and the hostesses in an out of the way area, it was probably not very safe but I really didn't have time to baby sit them while the world goes to hell in a hand basket. Although she made it very clear that she was very upset with me because of my decision, I made Delilah stay behind and take care of them. Even though I made her stay behind to protect them and keep them out of harm's way  I secretly ordered her to think of her own safety over that of her wards, it was an order I had to give because Delilah had a heart of gold and she would have been happy to lay down her life to save these people, I on the other hand was more selfish , I would rather all four of them die than lose my Delilah. In fact the main reason that I told her to stay behind was to keep her out of harms way, I had a feeling that where we were going was extremely dangerous. Before we left I gave Delilah a goodbye kiss on her pouting lips, I tried to convey as much feeling as I could in that kiss and by the time I was done she had stopped pouting and had a silly smile on her face.

       I quickly took off using a mini tornado and floated towards pigeon boy who was already in the air, lazily flapping his four massive wings to keep himself aloft. As I got closer to him I noticed that he had a strange expression on his face, a jumble of confusion and disbelief, it sort of reminded me of an internet video of a small puppy looking at a mirror for the first time, he had the same tilt to his head, the same 'what the hell is going on' expression, really the only thing that he was missing was the droopy ears. 

     As we started flying to the east he said,"You really like that demon , don't you?"

       So that was why he was confused, he couldn't reconcile the image he had of me being a cold heartless monster with this new image of me being someone who cares deeply about somebody else, "No pigeon boy, I do not like Delilah."

       "So it was all a lie? A trick to fool the demon?"

        "You misunderstand my meaning. I like pepperoni pizza, I like to play video games , I like curling up on a couch and watching my favorite cartoon : Wing the magical penguin. What I feel for Delilah isn't something as Luke warm as 'like'. I love Delilah."

        For the next ten minutes we flew in silence. I looked around the post apocalyptic wasteland of what used to be one of the most civilized countries on earth and found the eerie silence disquieting, "Hey pigeon boy, where is everybody? I would have expected to meet somebody by now."

        He also looked unsettled by the absence of any resistance,"I don't know, the last order I received was to retreat to the gate but I was too busy fighting an abomination to heed any orders."

       I kept turning my head every which way so that I could see if anybody was trying to flank us, I even turned on my soul sight to check if there were any sentient beings in the area but there was nothing. I finally turned my attention back to pigeon boy and looked at his 'soul'. It was unlike anything I had ever seen before, souls are usually shaped like the 'perfect' version of the person's physical body, except for very few exceptions like mental trauma and other such events. The soul also produces energy which manifests itself in different 'frequencies' depending on how a person is feeling and I can perceive these emissions as colors so usually when I see a soul it is wreathed in different colors like an aura but pigeon boy was different. Although he was glowing with a golden aura in the physical world , his soul wasn't glowing at all. His soul was just a ball of energy , granted it was a lot of energy, but it was just energy. It wasn't shaped like anything and it wasn't  emitting anything but I could see the energy that made up the ball itself shift into different colors, it reminded me of the lava lamp I had in my room.

     A few minutes later we finally started coming across stray demons and angels, they were all small fries who didn't have souls so I could have blown them all away with a wave of my hand but I only destroyed the demons, the angels left us alone thanks to my escort.

      As we kept traveling I felt something strange, my powers were increasing. No that wasn't quite right, the resistance that the universe usually had to my power was decreasing as we got closer and closer to the hole. Something in the air was making the world chaotic and that meant that with every passing second I could do more and more things with my powers.

      I was wondering what I could do in this environment when I saw a speck in the distance. At first I thought that it might be some sort of a bird but that didn't seem quite right. My second thought was that it was a plane but that didn't make sense either. When the speck got close enough I was finally able to make out the red cape, the blue spandex suit with the iconic "S" emblazoned on his chest, the small curl of hair on his for head , and of course the bright red underwear he insists on wearing on the outside.

     Holy smokes, it was Superman.
