Chapter ninety

      I looked at the flying man with his cape slowly shifting in the wind behind him and my mind was suddenly in disarray, the analytical part of me was going nuts thinking about the implications of having this obviously fictional character here, he even had a cartoonish quality about him when I looked closely at him. Under soul sight he was similar to the cookie cutter angels and demons I was able to defeat with a wave of a hand, he had no soul. I didn't know whether to destroy him or not but if he became hostile it wasn't going to be a problem.

      While the analytical part of my brain was piecing together pieces of the puzzle to determine what kind of universe would spawn not only angels and demons but also fictional characters and how this would affect the mission to come , a more nerdy part of me was going absolutely gaga over the fact that I was seeing one of the biggest if not the biggest superhero of all times. I wanted to go up to him and make him sign something, maybe ask him a few questions I had ...maybe he would make me a member of the justice league , I mean I was technically a superhero with superpowers and everything...maybe I can keep him, he is a soulless being, he could be like the largest and most interactive action figure ever...

      The logical part of my mind noticed the psychotic turn that my nerdy part had taken and suppressed those thoughts before I did something crazy like wrap him in plastic to keep him in mint condition.

     After I had that minor bout of schizophrenia I quickly destroyed superman but I also came to an important realization , there was one connection between angels , demons , and the man of steel; they all evoked strong emotions in people. Nowadays superheros and even some fantasy and science fiction works have a following similar to a religion, if my hypothesis was correct then the next few hours were going to be very interesting.

     As we continued onwards we encountered more and more angels and demons, we even encountered ones with souls. These I couldn't simply wave away but my powers had been growing steadily as we continued our journey and by the time we reached anything with a soul I was able to bisect them with an empowered glowing blade of wind I could create with my fans.

    The enemies we were meeting were getting more varied, not only demons from the Judeo-Christian end of the spectrum but from other religions and myths, popular horror movies, or simply common fears. There were now multiple dragon like monsters , giant snakes , twisted creatures of flesh that should never have existed and even mythological beasts. I was now fairly sure that these were all creations of the human mind and the human mind could be a very dark place indeed. The strength of the enemies we were facing was increasing but while their increase in strength could be described in an arithmetic scale mine was multiplying at a geometric rate. 

    Fifteen minutes later we were surrounded by enemies, but at this point it didn't matter. Something in the air was making everything chaotic , reality was no longer asserting itself and without the rules of nature fighting me I had the power over the earth and the sky , the lakes and the mountains, even the darkness and the light bent to my will. For the first time in my life I felt absolute power to do whatever I want, it was a heady intoxicating feeling. I was throwing around giants the size of buildings like they were toys while wielding a giant sword made entirely out of lightning. I didn't even need the mini-tornado to fly anymore , I was flying in the air simply because I decided to. 

    A cloaked figure tried to approach me stealthily but while I was in this state he might as well have phoned ahead. I grabbed the thing and it was just a skeleton wearing a robe. I laughed at the thing and said, "And what are you supposed to be?"

     Surprisingly a raspy voice answered, "I am the ending of all things living, I am the shadow that stalks all, I am the breeze that extinguishes the flame of life. I am death."

     I laughed at it some more, "You? Death? No, you are nothing but a skeleton in a bathrobe. If you really want to know what death is I'll show you."

     I grabbed his skull and crushed it like a beer can, "There , you might not be death but you are now something related to death, dead."

     I dusted my hand off and continued on my journey, I couldn't remember the last time I had so much fun.
     