Chapter ninety one

       I cut a wake of devastation straight through the monsters towards the direction that pigeon boy was pointing me towards, there I finally reached the hole in the fabric of the universe. How did I know? Well it was the giant glowing hole in the ground that was spewing out creatures at random intervals. I guess it wasn't very surprising that the hole was in the ground since the actual matter accelerator was located deep underground so the actual hole was located hundreds of feet underground. Seeing monsters coming out of the hole gave the illusion that the creatures were somehow crawling from underneath the earth's crust.

      As we approached the giant glowing hole that was like a gaping wound on the earth's surface, we came across an interesting scene, a large group of angels trying to keep the monsters from leaving the hole into the world beyond. They were doing a fairly good job although they were slowly being whittled down as they were taking casualties now and then. They were obviously being led by an angel who was shining like the freaking sun and had three pairs of wings or six wings in total. He was dual wielding flaming swords and was doing it with ruthless efficiency, I had to admit that he looked awe inspiring as he maimed and killed at a very impressive rate but even with this angel leading them the other angels were flagging , it wouldn't be long before their lines broke and they were completely decimated.

     Luckily for them I had a deal with pigeon boy to save as many of them as possible so I floated towards the giant melee battle and made a vague hand gesture, a habit that I had picked up even though it wasn't really necessary. Suddenly the clouds above started to rain down lightning almost continuously, after the smoke cleared away nothing was left except thunderstruck angels, not literally of course. The demons had been scoured by the lightning leaving behind nothing but ashes and small blackened craters were they had once stood.

     The six winged angel looked around until he saw me floating there sucking on a lollipop that I had summoned out of thin air, this close to the hole reality wasn't even relevant anymore so I could literally do whatever I wanted and what I wanted was a lollipop.

     He stared at me for a second and said, "Who are you?"

     This angel was a little different from the rest, for one thing he had darker hair unlike the golden curls of the other angels. He was also most definitely masculine and not androgynous like the rest, he was classically handsome and I would have probably gone for him if I swung that way.

      I popped the lollipop out of my mouth and said, "I am the person who just saved your bacon from being fried, I am also the person who is able to fry your bacon or more accurately fry you like bacon if you annoy me too much, I guess you can call me the cook."

     Pigeon boy hurriedly stepped forward and had a quick whispered conversation with six wings. I just continued to float there , sucking on my lollipop while frying anything that made it through the hole.

      A few minutes later pigeon boy returned with the six winged angel who was looking at me with a complicated expression, "Barabiel here tells me that you are able to close the gate, is this true?"

     I chuckled and said, "With the power I have I can pretty much do whatever the hell I want but yes I am about to close the portal, I suggest you take all of your friends and go back home before it is no longer an option. You have protected this world so far and I am thankful for that but as you can see I have things covered after this."

     The six winged angel sheathed his swords and did a little bob in the air, an aerial version of a bow, "Thank you for your timely intervention, I am pleased that this really isn't the the end of days. We shall meet again either when you perish or when the real end of days happens. I am the Arch angel Gabriel and it has been an honor to meet you."

     He then grabbed the golden horn that he had slung at his side and put it to his lips, it produced a deep almost mournful tone. All the angels suddenly started going back through the portal towards whatever world they had come from. In the end there was only one angel left, Barabiel or as I like to call him pigeon boy.

     I turned to him with a raised eyebrow, "What did you tell him to agree so easily?"

     "I told him that you were a messenger from God." His answer was monotonous as he stared sadly at the open portal.

      "Aren't you going back with them?"

      "Back to what? A lie? To sing praises while sitting on fluffy clouds while pretending I am in heaven? Do you think I can forget the fact that I am not an angel?"

       I could see the tears rolling down his cheeks and I felt ashamed that I was responsible for them. I quickly tried to steer the conversation on a tangent, "Why didn't you tell the others?"

        He turned to me with a sad smile, "Because they are happier not knowing."

        I put my hand on his shoulder, "I am sorry Barabiel, I saw all the death and destruction and in my anger I lashed out at you. You didn't deserve what I did to you."

         I turned away from the sad angel and started to close the portal.

         At first it was easy but as I continued to close the hole reality started to reassert itself and what I could do with my powers started to diminish. The more of the portal I sealed, the less power I had to seal the portal.

        In the end it was about halfway closed but I just didn't have enough juice to seal the whole thing.

         As I was struggling with the portal a voice behind me spoke, "Use me."

     