Chapter ninety three

      P.O.V. back to Sophia

       "YOU DID WHAT?"

        I was currently talking to my fan but the really strange part was that the fan was speaking back.

        "Stop being so melodramatic, it is better than being completely destroyed isn't it?"

         The fan burst into golden flames as it shouted, "HOW IS BEING A FAN BETTER THAN ANYTHING?"

         Fascinatingly although the golden flames were licking at my fingers they didn't seem to contain any heat. I looked on in wonder as the beautiful golden flames completely engulf my fingers before receding. I could have played with the flames all day but they seemed to be a sign of agitation so I slowly tried to calm down the hysterical pigeon boy, "Look , I didn't want to be responsible for your destruction, you might have been a pompous prick before but once you got over the 'thou's and 'thy's  you are actually a pretty okay guy so I decided to do all that I can to save your feathery ass. Unfortunately although I was able to save your consciousness and most of your memories your body was completely lost so I had to decide where to put what was left of your soul. The choices at the time were this fan or a lollipop stick. Personally I think you got a pretty sweet deal, relatively speaking."

        That didn't calm him down at all, he continued to scream, "I was ready to sacrifice myself for the greater good, it was going to be a glorious ending, one worthy of an angel, it was to be my destiny! And now you are telling me that I have to live out the rest of my life as a FREAKING FAN?!"

        As he yelled out the last part a stream of the golden fire that I thought was so harmless burst out from the fan and hit a small piece of rubble and instantaneously reduced it to ashes.

       My eyes widened in shock as I saw the concrete being turned into ash, granted it was a small piece of concrete but taking into consideration the fact that concrete is already fully oxidized and so isn't even flammable at any temperature I think that I was fully justified when I said , "What the fuck?"

      The fan's flames dimmed a little and a calmer voice came from the fan, "Did I do that?"

      "Yeah you did! That was completely awesome! You wanted a purpose, there's your purpose! You are now the world's mightiest weapon. Question is can you do that on purpose or do I have to piss you off every time I need a little flame action?"

       "Let me see," I could hear the determination in his voice as he strained to repeat his earlier action. A few seconds later the same stream of golden flames shot out from the fan and engulfed a slightly bigger piece of concrete and reduced it to ashes.

        "You did it pigeon boy! Well I guess I can't call you that anymore , let me see...I know! I dub thee fan boy! So you did it fan boy!"

        Fan boy was clearly irritated by his new name as he said, "My name isn't pigeon boy or fan boy, it is Barabiel. Use it."

        I thought about it but Barabiel was just too weird sounding, "Yeah, that's not gonna work. How about I call you Barry instead?"

        Barry sighed heavily , "You are going to call me that whether I agree to it or not, aren't you?"

        "You catch on quick Barry, welcome to the team."

         Barry grumbled under his breath but I caught a few words,"......too bad the flames can't burn her...."

          I'm just going to pretend I didn't hear that.
