Chapter ninety five

       On my way back to the basement where I had stashed Delilah and the crew of the fallen plane I saw survivors struggling out of the rubble of several buildings where they seemed to have miraculously weathered through this cataclysmic event. They all looked dirty and most had small injuries,mostly just cuts and bruises here and there, but the fact that they made it through at all was quite remarkable. I quickly ripped off a long piece of my leather jacket then pocked two holes into it to make an improvised mask before going down to the survivors and helping them out of their wrecked homes. I healed their injuries and reassured them that the demons and angels were gone for good and will never come back. I gave them words of encouragement before moving on to the next survivor.

       After I was finished helping yet another victim of this horrific event I heard a voice coming from my fan so I took it out of my belt where I had stuffed it because I needed the use of both hands to lift rocks and pull people out of tight spaces. The fan where I had placed Barry's soul in had been changed by the process, it was now a solid golden color as if it was made from pure gold. It was still made from the same super special plastic material and felt the same but its color had changed from silvery blue to golden. As I looked at the golden fan Barry's voice floated out from it,

      "Is this how you normally are or is this just another act?"

      "Why do you assume that me being a monster and me being a good caring person can't both be true? Do you really think that helping people and doing bad things are mutually exclusive?"

       "No, I understand the concept of punishment... or at least I did..."

        "Don't worry Barry, there are going to be plenty of days when we just go out and save people or just heal them but there are also days when we will be forced to do terrible unimaginable things because it is the only way to meliorate a harsh situation. When that time comes I hope that you do not hesitate to help me do these terrible things."

         We flew the rest of the way in silence as Barry digested my words. 

          After a few minutes I finally reached the place where I had left Delilah. She was outside waiting for me instead of in the basement like I had told her and the moment I touched down in the courtyard of the demolished mansion she wrapped me up in her arms and legs and even her tail as if she would never let me go.

        "What took you so long? I thought that something had happened to you!"

       "Sorry about that, we were helping out some survivors and the time sort of flew by. Is everyone alright here?"

        "Everyone is fine, they are in the basement playing uno with a deck of cards they found in an old box. Wait ,what do you mean we? And where is pigeon boy? Did he go back home?"

         I showed her the golden fan and said, "This is pigeon boy, although he no longer goes by that name. He is now called Barry."

         She looked at the fan for a second then turned back to me, "Um..that's a fan."

         I rolled my eyes at her, "I know that's a fan captain obvious, Barry is the fan."

         Barry decided to join the conversation,"Technically I think I am in the fan, not the fan."

         Delilah jumped back in shock while staring at the fan,"Did that fan just talk to me?"

         I snickered at her reaction, "It's not just a fan, it's the former pigeon boy. I put his soul in the fan to save his life."

        "Wait, are you saying that the angel is in there?"

         "Yup."

          "Does that mean that we can't do that thing with the two fans anymore."

           "Not without traumatizing the angel, no."

           The perplexed and curious voice of Barry interrupted our rapid back and forth, "What thing are you two talking about?"

            Both Delilah and I suddenly found our finger nails very interesting and started inspecting them closely as we splendidly ignored Barry's question.

       

       
