Chapter ninety seven

          
            I went back down to the basement and after a whispered reminder to Kim about not revealing my secret , all six of us went out into the now sunny day and waited for the helicopter to get to us.

             A few minutes later the gray helicopter was directly above us and the wind from the rotor started pushing down on us , forcing us to bend down our body a little and hold on to our clothes so that they didn't flap around too violently ,a rope and a rope ladder descended from a wide open sliding door on the side of the helicopter and a soldier zipped down the rope and rushed towards us shouting to be heard over the loud roar of the helicopter's rotors ,

            "Is anybody hurt? Does anybody need a gurney or immediate medical help?"

             The soldier was wearing full gear including a helmet , a bullet proof vest with several pouches for ammunition, hell he was even wearing damn googles. I had no idea what he looked like but soul sight showed me that he wasn't supernatural so I was going to assume he is just a normal soldier,

              "We are all okay, we just need a ride out of here."

               "That's why we are here ma'am. Can you use the rope ladder to climb to the helicopter or do you need help?"

               "I think we can manage."

                I sent the others first and used my powers to make sure nothing bad happened then I followed last. Climbing a rope ladder while the wind is buffeting you is tricky but it wasn't the hardest thing in the world. I finally made it into the helicopter, inside it wasn't exactly roomy but it wasn't cramped either. There were two benches against each side of the chopper, I took a seat next to Delilah on the right bench and strapped myself in.

               The soldier came in after I had settled into my seat,  after checking that all of us were properly strapped in he closed the sliding door and I felt the helicopter tilt as we started moving forward.

               The soldier then handed all of us really large headphones so that we could hear each other over the sound of the propellers, I donned the almost comically large noise canceling headphones and his voice came out loud and clear through them,

               "I am Ensign Claus Hofmann, NATO has decided to evacuate everybody from this area as quickly as possible so we are airlifting everybody we can to a specially built facility near Munich in Germany where you will be given shelter, food and other basic amenities while you are being debriefed."

                I was getting that tingly feeling in the back of my neck again, the one that indicated that something wasn't quite right, "How long do you plan on keeping us in this 'facility' of yours?"

                "Don't worry about it ma'am, although this catastrophe had caught most of us by surprise I have heard that some people have been working in secret to protect us from the supernatural and now they have stepped forward to help us. I heard that they were the ones that defeated the demons and angels. They told us that some of the creatures can pretend to be human so they will be the ones checking if anything is trying to escape while pretending to be human."

               I had a feeling I knew who these 'saviors' were, "Do these people have a name?"

              "Yeah, actually they do. They call themselves the Templars. Do you remember that thing back in Oslo with Adonis and Raven fighting that monster? Well it seems that the two of them are Templar agents."

               I tried to remain calm but I couldn't stop grinding my teeth as I felt absolute rage bubbling up inside of me. Those bastards were taking credit for everything that I did and ingratiating themselves to the government. They are even claiming that I was one of their agents? I was so pissed that I felt like a suppressed volcano.

               The soldier spoke through my headphones,"Are you alright miss, you are starting to turn a little red."

               I quickly replied, "I don't like flying that much , it makes me nauseous."

              "I hear you, flying isn't for everyone especially in helicopters. Nothing to be ashamed of, in fact one of my best friends is afraid of flying in the helos. We used to be in the same unit until I was transferred here, he is one of the best soldiers I have ever had the pleasure of working beside, once while we were deployed in Afghanistan...."

              As the chatty soldier regaled us with storied about his friend in what I think was an attempt to get me to forget about my nausea we continued our journey towards Munich.

              Meanwhile I continued to fume in rage as I considered what I should do next. 

                   

          

          
