Chapter ninety eight


        We eventually reached our destination and landed on what appeared to be the only clear space in a sea of tents , we had barely left the helicopter when we were hustled away by a group of six soldiers. We were then led to a small rectangle of unoccupied space then the soldiers gave us two of our own tents and helped us set them up . Before they left they gave us six rolled up sleeping bags and a large duffle bag with a bright number six written on it with red marker. When I looked inside the bag there were basic toiletries, some food in Tupperware containers and bottles of water. 

         Looking at the stuff I was taking out of the bag it was obvious that they planned on keeping us in this place for a considerable amount of time, I mean they even put feminine hygiene care products in here. I riffled through the stuff until I found a sheet of paper. It was a typed out letter that said,

          Dear Sir or Ma'am,

           We are sorry for the horrible events that had happened to cause you to be here today. You have our deepest condolences for all that you have had to go through. We are also sorry that our accommodations have been very poor so far , we shall relocate you to a more comfortable location as soon as possible but there are some security concerns that we have to address for your own safety. 

           It may seem like we are trying to keep out refugees from our country but this could not be further from the truth, in fact you shall be given unrestricted access to relocate anywhere in the EU except for Switzerland and parts of eastern France that had been quarantined for safety reasons.

          We hope that your stay here is short and relatively comfortable. All of you shall receive a heat retaining sleeping bag to keep you warm at night and care packages. These care packages should contain enough toiletries for six people, thick scarves and blankets, your first meal(our cafeteria hasn't been set up yet so please bear with us) and a simple booklet of rules that you have to follow in this camp. It is highly recommended that you read the booklet but the rules boil down to being considerate and obeying the soldiers that will patrol the camp.

         These soldiers are not your wardens and this is not a prison. The soldiers are there to keep everyone safe. Feel free to talk to them and ask them questions but please do not hinder them from doing their duty.

          We hope that your stay here is brief and uneventful,

           Welcome to Camp Bayern,

           Lieutenant General Kurt Muller.

            
         It seemed that the Templars needed time to set up their operations and they were stalling which meant that it was a perfect time for me to throw a wrench into their plans but first I needed to scope out the place, I doubt that taking a stroll around the camp was forbidden so I decided to do that.


          I looked up from the letter to see four people staring at the Tupper ware containers with ravenous expressions. I quickly handed them out to them and the plastic forks that came with them. They ignored the forks and used their bare hands to quickly devoured what looked like mashed potatoes , sweet peas and some sort of meat.

          For a second I was transfixed watching them rip through the food like hungry wolves, it wasn't surprising that the burly pilots were eating like this but the small and dainty looking hostesses were keeping up with them bite for bite. As I stood there watching , the six Tupper ware containers full of food were reduced to just six empty and slightly damaged Tupper ware containers.

        I looked over to my right and made eye contact with Delilah who also had a wide eyed look of shock on her face,

        "Sophia?"

         "Yes?"

         "Wasn't that meant for all of us?"

         "Yes."

          "What are we going to eat?"

           "We'll have to wait for the next meal."

           "But what if the same thing happens next time?"

            "I don't know Delilah, all I know is that I'm not going to get in between these four and food. Maybe we could look for some food? Which reminds me, I'm going to check this place out , want to come?"

            "Sure, its not like I have anything better to do and who knows ? If we find a secluded area you can 'feed' me and I wouldn't have to fight for scraps with these lot."

              "Really Delilah? You are using this as an excuse to get laid? Are you really horny, now?"

               She bared her pearly white teeth in a devilish grin before walking towards me and interlocking her arm with mine. She led me out of our small camp while she leaned into me and whispered into my ears,

               "Sophia dearest, I'm a succubus. I'm always horny."
     

            


         
