Chapter ninety nine

         I took leaves out of my hair as I fixed my blouse into the appropriate position so that my boobs weren't lopsided. I dusted off my trouser and looked back into the bushes where Delilah was laying on a bed of leaves, she hadn't bothered to cover herself up and she looked like something out of a playboy magazine. For a second I considered going right a back into the bushes to continue what we were doing but a couple of things stopped me, for one thing I needed to be scoping out the area instead of spending all my time with my girlfriend. 

         Second and most importantly I'm sure that the soldier standing board straight a few meters away had caught the last few minutes of our frolicking. I'm sure that he would have been trilled if we continued to have fun but I didn't like being watched, I am as kinky as the next girl but exhibitionism just wasn't for me so I dusted myself off and told Delilah to dress up and go back to our camp before I took off on my own.

         For a few minutes I just prowled around the quickly filling up camp of people.  As I passed I would surreptitiously heal the wounded from a distance. I quickly made it to the other side of the camp and found a chicken fence surrounding the camp. At first I thought that it was a little too flimsy to hold anybody back until I saw a pigeon land on it and get instantly turned into a charred piece of meat before falling onto the ground. Apparently the fence had a serious amount of electricity running through it.

           I followed the fence around the whole camp and found that the entire place was ringed with the fence. There were only four exits , one located at each cardinal point of the compass , one in the east , one in the west, one to the south and the last and the largest at the north end of the camp. Each of these entrances were carefully guarded, there was serious military presence at each of these points and by military presence I meant not only armed troops but armored vehicles and even tanks.

          Outside of the northern gate I noticed a group of large buses that looked more like trains on wheels, they looked similar to to RVs but if possible even larger. As the only place with air-conditioning and heating for miles around I concluded that the buses where probably the place where I would find the big wigs and that meant that it was also the most likely place that I would find the templars, problem was the buses where outside of the heavily guarded gate so it wasn't like I could simply waltz out and check.

           Unable to do anything else I decided to return back to the camp. On my way back I noticed somebody following me from the corner of my eyes , on closer inspection it turned out to be one of the soldiers. I went over to him and pretended to need assistance so that I could see what he was up to, "I'm sorry sir, can you help me? We run out of food in our camp and we need some more, is there any way that I can get some food? I have looked all around the camp but I have not been able to find any kitchens or places that serve food."

           The soldier's reaction was not what I expected, I thought that he might get a little shifty or even play the whole thing off like it was normal but instead his skin turned an incredible shade of red as he started to blush furiously, then he started to stutter terribly with a heavy German accent, "....ma'am....that is ...um...we are working on you...er , I mean it...we are working on it.."

         The soldier was beginning to hyperventilate and I was starting to get worried about him, "Are you alright dude? You look a little flustered. Calm down a little."

           He mumbled something incomprehensible in German that I couldn't understand then started fidgeting on the spot.

          "Do you need some help? You don't look so good."

           Then I noticed something strange the soldier refused to look me in the eyes. In fact his eyes were planted somewhere a little south, firmly on my breasts, "Um...why are you staring at my breasts?"

            When I said that the soldier stumbled back like I had burned him then he quickly turned away from me and ran away without saying another word.

           