Chapter One hundred

        By the time I got back to our camp the sun was already setting but there were large flood lights installed periodically throughout the base and they illuminated everything so it wasn't like it was dark or anything so I was able to find our camp just fine.

        I had only just arrived at the clearing where we had set up our tents when I saw something strange. It was a trail of lime green light that was drifting through the air like smoke. I looked around to see if anybody else had noticed it but nobody else seemed to be able to see the glowing stuff that was floating in the air. For a second I considered ignoring the trail, I mean a trail of magical smoke that only I could see left at the entrance to my camp? I wasn't stupid, the chances that it was a coincidence and didn't have anything to do with me were so miniscule that it was pointless to even consider it. The more likely scenario was that the trail of light was left for me on purpose, now the question was do I follow the trail that was now fading away to what could very well be a trap for me or do I just let it go.

        The wise decision would be to let it go, in fact it would be downright stupid to follow the trail when I had so little information about it but as the mysterious green substance became even more faint I found myself following the trail of light as it meandered through the sea of tents.

         Everybody knows the saying 'curiosity killed the cat' , well you can slap a tail on me and call me kitten because even though I knew it was not a good idea I kept following the light like a cat following the red dot produced by a laser pointer. Finally I arrived at the source of the trail of magical light and it wasn't what I expected, it wasn't a monster or some enemy waiting for me with a rocket launcher or something like that.

         The trail of light ended at the butt of a cigarette and that cigarette was being held by an odd looking man. He was a short man of Asian descent wearing an brown suit that was the color of fresh earth. Underneath the suit he had a revolting pink shirt with ruffles and a comically  tiny bowler hat sat crooked on his speckled black and gray hair. His face was slightly wrinkled especially at the corner of his eyes which were a very mundane brown color. He looked like any normal sixty year old man with a terrible fashion sense. 

         But as I have found out in the past looks could be deceiving so I used my soul sight to scan him.

          I immediately had to stop using my soul sight because it was like staring straight into the sun, I was nearly blinded by the amount of energy this creature was shedding, whatever he may be this man was definitely not a normal sexagenarian.

         He took a deep pull from the cigarette and blew out a ring of glowing green smoke before he said, "It's rude to stare you know."

         The ring of glowing smoke traveled all the way to me without breaking apart. When it came into contact with me it suddenly burst into a cloud that surrounded me, after the cloud of smoke cleared away I saw that I was in a room with plush red carpets, two comfortable chairs with overstuffed cushions , and a fireplace with a roaring fire in it. The room didn't have any walls or a roof, there was complete darkness at the boundaries of the room.

         The elderly Asian man that I had seen earlier was sitting on one of the chairs smoking the same cigarette and holding a glass of amber liquid with his right hand. He gestured towards the empty chair with his glass and said, "What did I just say about staring? Now take a seat, make yourself comfortable. Do you want some whisky? Or maybe a smoke?"

       I was still reeling from the sudden change in scenery so all I could do was shoot out questions, "Where are we? Who are you? What do you want from me?"

      The man sighed and shook his head in disappointment, "You young ones are always in such a hurry, you should learn to slow down a little. Take a seat and I'll answer your question impatient one."

        I cautiously approached the chair and gingerly sat on it, it was warm, comfortable and most important of all nothing came out of it to attack me. 

        The Asian man looked at me with a raised eyebrow and smiled sardonically, "Did you really think that the chair was booby trapped?"

        I just fidgeted nervously and avoided making eye contact with him.

       He continued on when I stayed silent, "Alright let me answer your questions. The answer to your first question is that we are in a place apart from the physical world, a bubble dimension I created so that we could have a private conversation without being disturbed. As for who I am, that is a little bit more complicated but you could say that I am Lucifer the ruler of hell. The reason I brought you here is because I need your help." 
         
