Chapter one hundred and two

      "Is this John guy evil? Is he one of the Atelli?"

       I have killed a lot of things and done a lot of unspeakable acts, I'm not exactly a saint at this point. But I have never directly killed an innocent person. Even when all those people died in Norway because of my boneheaded mistake I felt terrible , so when Lucifer asked me to kill this man the first thing I asked was ask why.

       Lucifer didn't reply immediately, instead he sighed and turned his back to me to stare into the fireplace. The long pause was annoying me so I prompted him once more,

        "Well is he one of the bad guys or not? If he isn't one of the bad guys then why do you want me to kill him?"

        "...John isn't a bad person. In fact he is the opposite of a bad person. Lifetime after lifetime he has been cursed with the worst luck. In his first life he was murdered by his brother, in his second life he lost his wife and children to the plague, third life he was a betrayed by his friends and left destitute. Throughout the ages John has been through more shit than anybody else and even in this life he was born cerebral palsy which has robbed him of the ability to walk or even feel sensations properly. But throughout all his lives of misery and pain there has been one amazing fact about John, he never gave up. He remains one of the purest souls in all of creation. You can ask Delilah about him if you want, John is a legend in hell. Everybody , even the demons of envy, root for him when he gets reincarnated."

       "So why are you telling me to kill the nicest guy in creation?"

       Lucifer's voice suddenly deepened and turned into an angry growl as he said,"Because of a two bit egomaniac who calls himself the fate weaver. The pompous asshole is a spark, well he used to be a spark of great power but great power wasn't enough for him so he hatched a plan and used his powers to set it into motion. You know how you are able to manipulate probability? Well ,he could do that at a grand scale. After making sure everything was just right , he voluntarily shattered himself into millions of pieces, similar to what happened to me but he did it in a controlled and methodical way so that all of his consciousness was in one place. The small pieces of him turned into what you now call the Atelli and he became their leader. With his powers greatly diminished there was nothing holding him back from crossing into the physical realm and getting to John."

           "But why would he give up all of his power to go after one guy?"

            "Because he is after knowledge. Sparks are nothing but thoughts, they grow by learning. John's soul is not only pure but it has also been forged into something almost unbreakable because of all the shit he has been through. Like coal being compressed into diamond by the hellish heat and pressure found deep beneath the ground, his soul is now something quite special. But 'the weaver' didn't go after him in this lifetime by chance, in this lifetime John manages to change his body to be receptive to the powers of creation itself and because of his special soul only he will be able to withstand these powers. Not only will he eventually have great power but he will also be able to see into the nature of creation and learn whatever he wants, now do you see why he should not be allowed to survive?"

           "So let me get this straight, if this 'weaver' guy gets John he will have unlimited access to all thoughts in existence and since thoughts translate directly to power he will have unlimited power?"

            "Not only 'the weaver', if any of the Atelli or God forbid, one of the soul benders get to John , then they would get powerful enough to break the rules set by God to protect the physical world."

             "But why do you need me? Why don't you do it yourself?"

             "Because these same rules stop me from interfering with the physical realms, the only reason I am even able to talk to you is because you are a spark."

               I thought about the situation for a few minutes as I sat there in silence then after a few minutes of arguing with myself I made a decision, "Alright Lucifer, I'll help you."

              "So you will kill John?"

              "No, I will stop the weaver. I can't kill John for the reasons you have given me, but I will try to find a way to protect him from the things you have mentioned."

              "You are making a grave mistake Sophia, he will eventually fall into a malicious person's hands and that will be the doom of us all."

               "I'll make sure that doesn't happen. If I truly believe that I can't protect him then I will kill him, but I can't kill an innocent man just because someone might use him for something evil."

               Lucifer sighed again before turning back to me and looking straight into my eyes,"Fine, I know that I can't change your mind. Goodbye Sophia, I wish you luck on your impossible task. The fate of all the universes and the rest of creation rests on your shoulder."

                 Everything around me suddenly started to dissolve into green glowing smoke , even the chair under me.

                 "And as a parting gift, I would advice you to look at how Delilah uses her shape shifting powers. For a person who is trying to conceal their identity I believe that such a power would be quite handy."

                  As Lucifer's voice faded , I fell through the green smoke that used to be a chair and fell on my ass.

                  The smoke faded away to reveal that I was back at the refugee camp.
