Chapter one hundred and five

        Once the soldier calmed down and stopped crying , she let go of me like I was hot iron and I had scalded her. She took a few steps back and murmured something under her breath that I couldn't quite make out. I looked closely at her and noticed some things that I hadn't noticed before because I considered her just another soldier. She was actually very cute. The hat she had been wearing had fallen off during our little scuffle and now I could clearly see that she was a woman in her early to mid twenties with a very small face, small button like nose , small pink lips and black hair that was cut in a rough pixie cut. Combined with the fact she had large almost cartoonish brown eyes and her cheeks were blushing furiously as she stared down at the ground, only one adjective could properly describe her, cute. She looked like a bisque doll someone had dressed up in a G.I. Joe costume.

       She noticed me staring at her and glared challengingly at me, although the effect was somewhat ruined by the fact that she was blushing, "What are you staring at?"

       I couldn't very well tell her the truth so I quickly said, "Nothing, nothing at all."

       That didn't seem to mollify her at all, "Come on, say it! Everybody else does! You think I'm too cute or dainty to be in the army!"

        "Calm down, I don't think that. Was I surprised that you look so cute? Sure. Do I think you shouldn't be in the military? No. I know for a fact that what is on the surface usually means very little. I'm sure you are a great soldier."

         She tilted her head to the side and opened her eyes wide in surprise , making her look positively adorable and softly asked, "Really? You aren't just saying that?"

         "Look, we got off on the wrong foot so let's start fresh. Hello, my name is Sophia. Despite everything the templars might have told you, I am not a monster. I do have some supernatural powers but I assure you that I have never used them to hurt an innocent person. It is a pleasure to meet you, even though you did try to shoot me."

        She looked up at me with her large brown eyes and giggled so cutely that I nearly had a cuteness overdose, "I'm sorry about that. Hi, my name is Dawn, Dawn Fischer. I am a private second class in the German army and I am a member of the squad in charge of the General's safety or at least I was, I'm probably getting booted off the team when I report back after I take you and your friends to the airport."

        "You don't have to tell anybody about our little altercation. Here, " I picked up the gun , the fallen cartridge , and even the bullet I had ejected from the chamber. I inserted the bullet back into the cartridge, reloaded the gun and handed it back to Dawn, "Nobody saw us fight and your gun is as good as new. Nobody has to know that anything happened."

        She gingerly took the gun and tilted her head in that cute way again, "Really?"

        I couldn't help but smile at her. I grabbed her hand and pulled her along towards where my group was, "Really. Now come on, let's get back to my camp so we can get out of here and you don't get court marshaled for insubordination."


          *         *         *

        Somewhere in camp Bayern

        "Sir, the operation was a success. I have successfully inserted myself with the target's group. I believe I have earned enough trust and sympathy that I should have viable information on the target before she leaves the country."

        "Good work Agent Dawn. You have performed very well today. But you have to remember that her companion is a succubus. She will probably try to erase your memory or brainwash you in some way, be careful."

        "It is alright sir, I have gone through the mind strengthening program last week. I should be fine for at least a month."

         "Dawn, we don't know what kind of supernatural Sophia is. We do know that she is more powerful than most of the things we have seen. If she finds out you are betraying her.....chances are you aren't coming back."

         For a few seconds there was only silence on the other end, "....I know sir. But this is a rare opportunity. I know that I should be with the general and I disobeyed your orders by risking that mission to pursue Sophia, but she is unlike anything we have ever seen before. We couldn't let this chance pass us by."

        "Your initiative and bravery is commendable Agent Dawn. Good luck on your mission."

        "Thank you sir."

         With the connection terminated Agent Smith turned to his laptop and typed out- Agent Dawn has deviated from her original mission to pursue the target The Shepherd was monitoring in Norway before his sudden disappearance. I request permission to change her original mission 'project sunrise' to following the target so that she doesn't face any actions for insubordination.

        A few seconds later a single line appeared on his laptop.

        Permission granted. Project Sunrise has been raised to a level alpha mission. Good luck Agent Smith. Don't fail me.

         

         
           
