Chapter one hundred and six

         Dawn got out of the port-a-potty with her face flaming red with embarrassment, "I'm sorry about that Sophia, I just couldn't hold it in any longer."

         I smiled reassuringly at her and said,"Don't worry about it, everybody has to go to the toilet. You don't have to apologize for being human. Now let's go, we're almost at the camp."

         I dragged the still blushing woman all the way to our camp where the two pilots had what looked like a can of beans heating up over an open fire while Delilah and the two hostesses were hanging out near one of the tents. I quickly introduced everybody to Dawn and told them we were leaving.

         Delilah immediately latched on to Dawn and started to fawn all over her but Dawn seemed strangely skittish when Delilah tried to get closer to her, I guess she really didn't like being treated like a cute doll.

         After the introductions were done ,we left our little camp site. We left the tents and the blankets and even the can of simmering beans. We just put out the fire and marched out of there as quickly as possible. We were all sick of the refugee camp and we were happy to leave it behind.

        Thanks to Dawn nobody tried to stop us as we left through the heavily guarded south gate of the refugee camp. Outside the blockade of tanks and barbed wire , an armored vehicle was waiting for us complete with a driver to give us a ride to the nearest airport which was the Munich international airport. The car was more of a van so we all fit comfortably inside as we cruised away from the refugee camp and towards the city.

       When we finally made it to the city, we saw that the entire city of Munich was almost completely deserted. Soldiers and other armored vehicles could be seen roaming the streets at regular interval and the people of Munich seemed to have decided to stay inside for the night.

      We were traveling down the deserted streets when suddenly something blasted through a nearby window and landed in a heap in front of our car. A closer look revealed that that something was the charred and smoking body of a soldier. I got out of the car and rushed over to the still smoking man and healed his most serious injuries before he could perish. 

       Dawn and the driver of the armored car also got out of the car ,they both had their guns drawn and they started to look around , searching for the source of the danger. Dawn approached me and asked, "Is he going to be okay?"

      "He is fine, just a few minor bumps and bruises. His armor seems to have taken the brunt of it. Will you help me get him into the car before whatever did this decides to come out and finish the job?"

        She reholstered her gun and together we were able to drag the soldier into the car while the driver kept searching for the culprit of the crime. 

        Once we had the injured soldier in the car, I went back outside and headed straight for the house with the shattered window. The driver of our car kept shouting something in German but I ignored him and made my way towards the front door of what looked like a bakery. When I got closer I found that the front door was slightly ajar and there was damage to the door frame that indicated that the door had probably been kicked in. I made my way inside and I could hear shouting and screaming coming from somewhere above me. 

        The room I was in was completely dark but I could see an orange glow coming from a staircase so I quickly run up the stairs. When I made it to the first floor I was greeted by a strange sight. A group of soldiers had their guns out and pointed towards a little girl holding a teddy bear. A man was standing before the soldiers with his hands stretched out wide to block their sight of the little girl and a crying woman was hugging the little girl while trying to shield her with her own body.

       If it was only this then I would have opened my fans and told Barry to toast the soldiers' asses but it seemed someone had beat me to the punch. Most of the soldiers were already singed and injured as if they had been fighting a flamethrower and lost,badly. I engaged my soul vision to see if there was any supernatural shenanigans at play and found out that everyone in the room was normal.

      Everyone except the little girl.

       
