Chapter seven

        The little girl's soul was on fire. 

         Using my normal vision she looked like any normal twelve year old but when I used my soul vision the normal girl vanished and in her place was a shape that vaguely resembled her but was made entirely out of golden flames.

        From the bright glow that her soul was emitting , I knew that this little girl could have easily incinerate the entire room if she really wanted to and from the way she was getting brighter and brighter that moment wasn't very far away.

       I shifted my gaze towards the soldiers. All of them had their guns pointed towards the little girl but none of them had decided to shoot. They all had terrified and desperate looks in their eyes but it seemed that none of them were willing to shoot the cute little girl which actually said a lot about their character and decency. One of the soldiers shifted his body weight a little, an almost imperceptible motion but suddenly a ball of flames shot towards him, hitting him squarely on the chest and blasting him backward so violently that he hit a wall before sliding down to the ground, unconscious.

      Okay...maybe it wasn't decency holding them back, maybe it was fear.

       Whatever the case maybe, I needed to resolve this situation before more of the soldiers inevitably showed up or the little girl goes nova and burns down half the neighborhood.

       I stepped forward and almost immediately a ball of fire was heading towards me. I could have simply deflected it with my wind manipulation but I had a hunch that that would only scare the little girl even more. No, I needed to do something to distract her from her fear and make her relax a little.

       I used the wind manipulation to distort and change the shape of the flames. By the time the ball of flame reached me it had transformed into a flock of small swallows made entirely of flames which flew around me before vanishing into thin air.

       That surprised everyone in the room, even me. I had grown quite adept at manipulating the air but the ease with which I had done it shocked me. It was almost as if reality wasn't putting up as much of a fight as it used to when I used my powers, but the 'why's and 'how's could wait till later because another ball of flames was heading towards me.

     This one I turned into a group of bunny rabbits and the next one I transformed into Wing, the magical penguin princess. Balls of flames continuously headed towards me and I kept turning them into things that I thought a twelve year old might like. 

     After a few minutes the flames stopped. I looked over at the little girl and just like I had hopped she had burned through her energy. Her soul, which had previously been completely engulfed in golden flames, was now completely normal except for a small ball of flames near her heart but even more important than that, the cute little girl had stopped quivering in fear and crying. She had an angelic smile on her face as she saw the light show I was making from her flames.

     On the down side all the soldiers were now pointing their guns at me. Unfortunately for them, all of their guns had simultaneously developed mechanical problems and they wouldn't shoot even if they pulled their triggers so I ignored the soldiers and headed towards the little girl with a smile on my face so that she would know I meant her no harm.

    I first extended my hand to the shell shocked woman who was desperately holding on to the little girl. For a moment she just stared at my hand as if she didn't know what to do with it but eventually she gingerly grasped my hand as if she was afraid my hand would burn her. 

    I didn't take it personally and shook her hand with the smile still on my face, then I politely introduced myself, "Hello. My name is Sophia, nice to meet you."

    Her voice was very timid and she was constantly looking towards the soldiers as she answered, "Hello. My name is Helena."

    I got down on one knee so that I could be at eye level with the little girl and extended my hand towards her too. She wasn't as timid as her mother. She immediately grasped my hand with both of hers and looked straight into my eyes and said,

    "Are you like me?"