Chapter one hundred and nine


      After I finished listening to Baldric's story, I knew that I needed to do something about the giant clusterfuck that the Templars had just caused.

        I was wondering what I should do to mitigate the disaster when Dawn stepped into the room.

        "Sophia, what is going on? Why did you attack those soldiers? They are outside telling stories about how you are some sort of unbeatable demon. Thanks to their idiotic rambling , a whole platoon of soldiers has surrounded the bakery and they are making preparations to get in here and subdue you."

        Apparently the soldiers had snuck out of the room while I was talking to Baldric and now they had called some of their friends to 'subdue' me. But the situation wasn't all that bad, seeing Dawn had actually given me an idea on how I could solve the bigger problem and stop the attempted mass detention of anybody with a supernatural ability.

        "Dawn, do you have a way to contact the general? He is the one in charge of the operations currently taking place in Munich, right?"

         "Yes I do have his phone number and yes he is in charge of all the nearby operations."

          "Great! Give me your cellphone."

           "Why?"

            "I'll explain later, just do it."

             She reluctantly handed me her phone. First things first I did something I should have done a long time ago , I called Kazimir and told him I was fine. He was relieved to hear that everyone in the plane had survived. When I asked him if anything strange was happening back home, he told me that weird stuff has been popping up allover the world.

            Just like I had feared, the incident of people suddenly getting powers wasn't a local event. All over the world people were suddenly discovering that they could do amazing things and governments were freaking out. No less than fifteen nations had instituted emergency military rule and were actively hunting down anyone with powers. Some countries like Germany were 'detaining' people with powers until they could be properly studied. I couldn't do anything about the other countries but maybe I could do something about it in Munich.

           So my next phone call was to the General. His phone rang for a couple of minutes before he picked up and answered with a curt, "Yes? Do you have something to report?"

           "General , this is Sophia speaking. I would like to talk to you about the situation in Munich."

            "What situation in Munich?"

            "I just had to stop a group of soldiers from shooting a little girl, that situation."

            "Wait, that was you? You attacked my soldiers!"

            "No, I saved your soldiers."

            There was silence as the General digested my words, "What do you mean?"

            "I mean that if I hadn't intervened then your men would have been barbecued. I think a broken nose is a small price to pay when compared to that, don't you think general?"

            "The girl is that dangerous? We need to get her confined immediately!"

            "No, what you need to do is back away. You are going to call off all the soldiers that you have sent to capture the people with powers. You will release everyone that you are currently holding under this pretext and you will leave these people alone unless they actually do something wrong."

            "And why would I listen to you?"

            "I'm going to make you an offer. I'm guessing that this plan of yours to capture people with powers isn't going very well. I'm guessing that your soldiers are out there getting hurt right now. Here is my offer, I will go to the places where your soldiers are in trouble and help them out. In return you will do as I say."

            "And if I refuse?"

            "I'll still go out and save your soldiers but I will then use all of my powers to free the prisoners you are holding and that could get a little....messy."

            "Are you seriously saying that you would attack a military base?"

            "I'm tired of pussyfooting around general. I'm tired of tiptoeing around problems. I can and I will wreck your entire base if that is what it will take to stop this idiocy."

             "You can't do that!"

             "I'm also tired of people telling me what I can or can not do. Are you refusing my offer General?"

              There was some scuffling and the General's gruff voice was replaced by a monotonous and emotionless voice, "Hello , this is Agent Smith. We agree to all your demands, just help the soldiers."

              "Smith, this isn't some sort of a trick , is it? I know of the Templars, I know how you guys operate. But before you try to double cross me, remember my power readings? Remember how they are literally off the charts? If this is some sort of a trick, I am coming after you with all of that power."

              "I get it Sophia. This is not a trick. I went over the General's head to the powers that be in the German government. The soldiers are retreating. The prisoners are being released as we speak."

                "Good, I'm glad we could come to an understanding. I'll go save the soldiers now. "

                 I hung up before he could say anything more and returned the phone to Dawn whose mouth was hanging open in shock.

                 "Well Dawn, it seems your plans to get me out of the country will have to wait. Shit is hitting the fan in Munich and I have to fix things before they can get any worse."

                 She just nodded dumbly and followed me as I left the room.

              


          

        
