Chapter one hundred and eleven

        After nearly twelve hours of running around putting out fires,only some of which were literal flames, I was feeling so tired that I could feel the exhaustion down to my very bones. Thankfully there were no more emergencies in the Munich area so I was once again heading to the airport but unlike last time I had a sizeable military escort with me and by sizeable I meant that I had a whole convoy of vehicles that would have made any African dictator proud.

       My performance in suppressing the newly awakened mages (that was what I had decided to call the people with powers) had gained me the respect of the soldiers and they were very thankful because I had saved a lot of them from some sticky situations and that was the pretext they used to 'make sure I made it to the airport safely' but the truth of the matter was that they were also terrified of me. I had tried to keep as much of my powers under wraps as I handled the mages but even then I had defeated most of them with absurd ease and the soldiers who had seen me do it were now extremely wary of me. In addition to that the good General was upset that I had twisted his arm into doing something he didn't want to and he was still sour about the fact that I had stood up to him and gotten my way. 

       The culmination of all these facts meant that I had overstayed my welcome in Germany and the Germans were quite eager to see me leave their country. They hustled me and my group through airport security even though none of us had a passport or any type of identification and they stuck us on the first plane to Saint Petersburg, eventhough said plane was full they 'convinced' some of the passengers to take the next flight.

        The flight to Saint Petersburg was uneventful, I slept through most of it and only woke up when the plane jolted as we touched down in Pulkovo international airport, the only airport in St Petersburg.

          I thought that there was going to be a huge hassle when we got out of the plane and they found out we didn't have any passports or ID but I was wrong. The moment we left the plane, we were approached by a group of serious looking men in expensive looking suits.

           The most serious looking of the lot stepped forward and asked, "Are you Sophia Usmanova?"

           "No, I am Sophia Belikova. Who is asking?"

            He politely nodded in greeting and acknowledged his mistake, "I am sorry for making assumptions Ms. Belikova, I am Boris Yankovic. I work for your grandfather and he has asked me to bring you to him."

            "I would love to believe that but I'm afraid I'm not going anywhere with you unless you can prove that you are truly who you say you are."

             He didn't seem offended by my challenging attitude, in fact he smiled wryly before he said, "I guess I owe Kazimir a hundred rubles. He said that you were too smart to go with me without some proof of my identity. Kazimir also told me to tell you that a raven hides beneath the nun's habit."

            Unless someone had managed to figure it out, only Kazimir and Sergei knew that I was both Persephone and the mysterious woman known as the angel of mercy so I knew that the whole pass phrase thing wasn't a clever trap. If Kazimir trusted this guy enough to give him that statement , I guess he must be trustworthy.

         
             As I was wondering whether now was really a good time to meet my mysterious grandfather , Delilah sidled up next to me and said, "Sophia , I'm freezing my tits off. Can we please just accept this man's offer and go somewhere where we won't freeze to death. If anything happens , I have faith that you can probably handle it so can we please move this along."

            
             So with a little encouragement from Delilah, I accepted Yankovic's offer. My group followed him and his men to three sleek looking black limousines waiting outside, the really expensive ones with tinted windows that only the uber rich could afford. They wanted me to be alone in the first limo but I insisted that Delilah come with me. They eventually caved in and Delilah and I got to ride together in the first limo while the former crew of the downed plane piled into the second one. Yankovic and another man also joined us in the first limo while the the rest of his men divided themselves between the remaining two cars.

            Once everyone had gotten into the cars , we started moving and the limos glided smoothly into traffic. 

             We were off to see Victor Usmanov. A man whose name had scared a German General into letting me go from the camp in Munich without question even though I obviously had supernatural powers, a man Agent Smith and the General called 'the frost dragon' with respect and even fear in their voices.

              I was going to meet my grandfather.

            

             

        
