Chapter one hundred and twelve

      We traveled for a few hours until we left the Saint Petersburg area and still kept on going without showing any signs of stopping which made me suspicious again.

      "Were are you taking us Mr Yankovic? I don't think there is anything of interest so far from the city let alone a place where someone as influential as my grandfather would live and the fact that the two limos behind us had stopped following us about an hour ago isn't very reassuring either."

      Boris simply smiled before replying, "You noticed that, did you? Well we can't really take the people that were with you to see the boss, they don't have the appropriate clearance and we haven't done a thorough enough background check on them to let them go to the crystal lake mansion. Your grandfather has a lot of enemies ,some of whom would go to extreme lengths to see him dead so we can't really take any chances. We are already making an exception for your friend here but Kazimir has assured us that she is trustworthy. As for the rest of the people, they are being transported to another facility to be debriefed about the whole incident."

      His reply raised more questions than it answered but the part that worried me the most was the so called 'debriefing' he mentioned, "When you say debriefing, do you mean a nice sit down where you give them a nice warm mug of coffee and politely ask them questions or are you talking about a scenario which involves sharp knives, insidious drugs and other unpleasant methods."

      "With all due respects Ms Belikova, I don't think that is any of your business. They are our personnel and we will treat them however we see fit. You might be the boss's granddaughter but that doesn't mean that you have any authority in our organization or have a say on how we operate."

      Delilah, who was sitting next to me and had her eyes closed, suddenly opened her eyes and looked at Boris with eyes full of pity, "You don't want to do that."

      Boris still seemed amused as he looked away from me and looked sideways towards Delilah, "Why? Do you think her grandfather is going to punish me?"

      "You should stop worrying about her grandfather so much and start worrying about her. There are two ways this conversation can go, the hard way where some unpleasant things happen and we become enemies before you do what we say or the easy way where nothing bad has to happen and we stay friends before you do what we say." 

      As Delilah spoke the cadence of her words suddenly shifted. Her tone became softer and I could feel her inject power into her words as she attempted to use her hypnotic powers on Boris but bright light suddenly burst out from a silver pendant that he had stuffed under his shirt and Boris's eyes that were becoming dull as Delilah's hypnosis was taking effect became sharp and focused, "Is this why you are so confident? I hate to tell you this but this isn't the first time we have encountered people like you. Your little tricks will not work on us."

      Delilah sighed and said, "You poor deluded little man, you picked the wrong day to pick a fight."

      I didn't wait for her to finish talking before I made my move. The limo we were in was very spacious, Delilah and I were sitting on the seats at the very front of the limo near the driver compartment that was completely sealed off while Boris and one of his goons sat facing us while sitting nonchalantly on a table located near the middle of the limo instead of the seat at the other end. I didn't know if they thought it was cool or they just wanted to be closer to us but I didn't really care, their decision was stupid and I was going to teach them why.

      I used my powers to mess with the limo's brake systems making them suddenly engage and the limo came to a screeching halt. Delilah and I were facing the back of the limo so we were just pressed against our seats because of the sudden deceleration but Boris and his friend weren't as lucky. They were both flung off the table and landed on their knees right in front of me. With such a good opportunity in front of me, I didn't hesitate. I punted both of their heads like they were footballs , making both of them instantly pass out. After making sure that neither one of them were faking it, I took the pendants they had around their necks and sat back down on my seat.

     "Delilah, you know what to do."

      A few minutes later both men were awake and firmly under the control of Delilah's hypnotic powers. After asking them a few questions, we found out that Kim and the rest of the crew of the downed plane were being treated well and were actually staying at a comfortable hotel. Boris was just bluffing to get a rise out of me to see what I would do. He was one of Kazimir's former students and apparently he had heard Kazimir say that I was one of his best students which injured his pride and made him jealous. He tried to make me flip out so that I would attack him in some way. Not only would that make me look like a loose cannon and untrustworthy in front of my grandfather but it would also give him a reason to show 'the rich spoiled teenager' what a 'real' operative is capable of while soothing his own wounded ego.

      I was pissed at the spiteful little man but there was nothing I could do at that moment so I made Delilah implant a suggestion in his subconscious to erase any negative emotions towards me. I also made her plant a rather vicious suggestion that made him unable to be sexually attracted to anything but male horses. She then erased both their memories of what had happened and I handed their necklaces back to them before we continuing to travel like nothing happened.

      

      
