Chapter one hundred and thirteen

     
     I thought that this so called 'crystal lake mansion' would be somewhere in the outskirts of Saint Petersburg but it turned out that my assumption was wildly inaccurate. The limo took us to a nondescript building about two hours away from the city. It was just a normal five story building, the only thing distinct about it was that it had a helipad on the roof.

    We were led to said helipad where a helicopter was waiting for us and for the second time in a week, I was taking a helicopter ride. 

     I was not much of an expert on helicopters but I knew that the chopper we were riding on wasn't quite standard issue. For one thing, the whole body was painted a matte black color and didn't have any distinguishing marks on it. I bet that it was almost completely invisible in the night sky. For another thing, the rotors and motor were almost completely silent. I may not know much about helicopters but one thing I did know is that they are loud so I knew that the fact we were gliding along as if we were riding on a cloud was highly abnormal.

     The last thing that made the chopper special was its speed. It was traveling at a speed that was at least twice as much as the chopper I rode on with the Germans.

     If I had to take a guess, this chopper was probably used by highly trained people to do secret things when they needed things done without being noticed. I turned away from the window which was showing the disappearing lights of Saint Petersburg and instead turned towards the surprisingly comfortable interior of the helicopter.

     "So Delilah, what do you think about all this?"

     Delilah rubbed her chin as if she was in deep thought before she said," We already know that your grandfather has deep connections with the KGB and we also know that he is one of the oil oligarchs in Russia, which means that he also has very deep pockets. We are now riding a helicopter that is generations better than the best choppers that the Russian military claims that they posses and we are going to a secret hush hush location to meet with your grandfather who makes foreign generals and even members of secret societies crap in their pants. From what you have told me about Kazimir's reaction to the supernatural when he first learned of your abilities, we know that he had some exposure to the spooky stuff before you met and we know that Kazimir is one of your grandfather's operatives. Couple that with the fact that the so called 'Agent Smith' who is supposed to be part of a secret organization that is invisible to everyone but the supernatural community is not only familiar with your grandad but also seems to fear him deeply, I'm going to bet that your grandfather has ties with some sort of supernatural organization, probably a very powerful one at that."

     I scooted closer to her and nudged her playfully, disrupting her 'the thinker' pose, "Well Ms. smarty pants, if you are so clever then have you noticed we are heading east and by taking our current bearings into account, we are probably heading towards Siberia?"

     Delilah looked at me suspiciously with narrowed eyes, "Are you saying that you deduced our location by that alone?"

     "Yes."

     Delilah simply raised one of her eyebrows in disbelief.

     "Alright, fine! I might have googled my grandfather's name and found out that most of his business interests reside in Siberia, satisfied?"

     "Very. We both know that I am the brains in this relationship. The sooner you accept it, the better."

     "Is that right?"

     "It's the truth."

     "Then I have a question for you if you are so clever ; when is the next time you will be hungry?"

     Her eyes turned round as she realized that she was running low on power and would need to feed soon. She immediately smiled her best sales man smile and said, "You are the brains, the brawn and the beauty in this relationship. Your ability is unparalleled and your leadership skills are downright inspiring. You exude an aura of excellence that has no equal. You just might be the greatest person on earth, past or present. It is an honer for me to breath the same air as you let alone be given the privilege of actually knowing you."

     We both burst out into laughter and I playfully punched her arm.

     "Did I go too far?"

     "Just the final bit, other than that I think you were spot on."

     We continued our little back and forth until we were interrupted by Boris clearing his throat, "Ladies, I think you will want to see this."

     We looked out the window and we gasped in astonishment. We had unknowingly left all civilization behind and all we could see in the dim morning light was a giant expanse of ice bound land, it was absolutely breathtaking.

     People always assumed that Russia was just a frozen wasteland but that simply wasn't true. Russia is a giant country covering a lot of land with different climates so this was the first time I had ever seen anything like this. From horizon to horizon, all I could see was white snow.

     Boris laughed as he saw our wonder and said, "Welcome to northern Siberia."
